{"title": "MITCH HEDBERG: COMEDY CENTRAL SPECIAL (1999) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "July 6th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["MITCH HEDBERG", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Mitch Hedberg’s half-hour special on Comedy Central", "This is the uncut 37 minute version.", "Tonight from the Palace in Hollywood, California. Comedy Central Presents Mitch Hedberg!", "Thank you. Hey. Welcome to my half-hour special. Does anybody know who I am? Why did a bunch of people who don’t know who I am show it my special? That’s bullshit. All right. Everybody. This will be fun.", "\nI used to live here in Los Angeles on Sierra Bonita. And I had an apartment. And I had a neighbor. And whenever he would knock on my wall, I knew he wanted me to turn my music down. That made me angry. Because I like loud music. So he knocked on the wall, I’d mess with his head. I’d say “go around.” “I cannot open the wall.” “I don’t know if you have a doorknob of the other side.” “But over here, there’s nothing.” “It’s just flat.”", "\nAll right, man. I gotta do a half-hour. You get a like me more than that. I can’t be getting through a half-hour with that kind of action. I like an escalator, man. Because an escalator can never break. It can only become stairs. All right. There would never be an “escalator temporarily out of order” sign. Only, an “escalator temporarily stairs.” “Sorry for the convenience.”", "\nI’m going to take it out tonight, boy. I’m going to get too loose. So check it out. This is me being loose. I rent a lot of cars. Because I go on the road. I rent cars. And when I drive a rental car, I don’t know what’s going on with it, right? So a lot of times I drive 10 miles with the emergency brake on. That doesn’t say a lot for me. But it really doesn’t say a lot for the emergency brake. It’s really not emergency brake. It’s an emergency “make the car smell funny” lever.", "\nYou know you can’t please all the people all the time. And last night, all those people were at my show. To do this show, I had to like take a physical. They asked me a bunch of medical questions. And they were like yes or no questions. But they were very strangely worded. Like “have you ever tried sugar?” “Or PCP?” Well, I’m a standup comedian. I got into comedy to do comedy. Which is weird, I know. But when you’re in Hollywood and you’re a comedian, everybody wants you to do other things besides comedy. They say, “all right. You’re a standup comedian. Can you act?” “Can you write?” “Write us a script.” They want me to do things that’s related to comedy. But not comedy. That’s not fair. It’s as though if I was a cook. And I worked my ass off to become a good cook. They said “all right. You’re a cook.” “Can you farm?” I planted a carrot once.", "\nWhen you do comedy, you have to start strong. And you have to finish strong. Those are the tricks, right? You can’t be like pancakes. All exciting at first. But then by the end, you’re sick of them.", "\nI did comedy for a fundraiser once. We were trying to raise money to buy one of those machines that shows how much money has been raised.", "\nThe show’s going alright, I guess. I’m trying to feel it out. I wanted to buy a candle holder. But the store didn’t have one. So I got a cake.", "\nMan, you all got to get into my jokes harder. Don’t be – Don’t be – Don’t be giving me that applause later. When you’re rolling with it. I have 21 minutes left. And that’s a long time. I’m going to rock the show though.", "\nI went to a concert in New York City where I live. It was a heavy metal band called Monster Magnet. They were heavy, boy. The singer had no shirt on. And leather pants. And he was playing like a flying V guitar. And he stood on the monitor. And he yells at the crowd. He say… “How many of you people feel like human beings tonight?” And then he said “How many of you people feel like animals?” And the thing is… Everyone cheered after the animals part. But I cheered after the human beings part. Because I did not know there was a second part to the question. I said yes I do feel like a human. I do not feel like a tree.", "\nI don’t have a girlfriend. I just know girl who would get really mad if she heard me say that. And applause break over my infidelity.", "\nI’ve had four AIDS tests in my day. An AIDS test is very scary. It doesn’t matter what you’ve been doing. Waiting for the results is frightening. So I don’t get the regular AIDS test anymore. I get the roundabout AIDS test. I call my friend Brian. I said Brian “do you know anybody that has AIDS?” “No?” “Cool.” “Because you know me.”", "\nI got into an argument with a girlfriend inside of the tent. That’s a bad place for an argument. Because then I tried to walk out – and slam the flap! How are you supposed to express your anger in this situation? Zipper it up really quick?", "\nI got to walk around a little bit. Loosen up, you know. That was just about the first part of my segment. Right there. I might go back here for a minute. Perhaps this show will work better if I”m closer to the back. I’m going to do an entire special not facing the camera. I’m gonna see how this plays.", "\nI like to drink before the show. I have a couple drinks before I go on stage. Every time people applaud, I’m always going “no, no, no.” “That’s dumb.” My manager is cool. He gets concerned. He says “Mitch. Don’t use liquor as a crutch.” I can’t use liquor as a crutch. Because a crutch HELPS me walk. Liquor severely screws up the way I walk. It ain’t like a crutch. It’s like a step I didn’t see. But alcoholism is a disease. But it’s the only disease you can get yelled at for having. Provocateur. Dammit, Otto, you’re an alcoholic! Dammit, Otto, you have lupus! One of those two doesn’t sound right.", "\nI want to be a race-car passenger. Just a guy who bugs the driver. Say, man. Can I turn on the radio? You should slow down. Why do we have to keep going in circles? Man, you really like tires. I play golf. I’m not good at golf. I never got good. I never got a hole in one. But I did hit a guy. And that’s way more satisfying. You’re supposed to yell “fore!” But I was too busy mumbling, “There ain’t no way that’s going to hit him.”", "\nI bought a donut. And they gave me a receipt for the donut. I don’t need a receipt for a donut. I’ll just give you the money. You give me the donut. End of transaction. We don’t need to bring ink and paper into this. I –. I just can’t imagine the scenario where I have to prove I bought a doughnut. Some skeptical friend. Don’t even act like I didn’t get that donut. I got the documentation right here. Oh, wait. It’s back home in the file. Under D. For donut. So we all know what D is.", "\nI’m just trying to be pleasant on TV. My ma is watching. Later. I like baked potatoes, man. I don’t have a microwave oven. It takes forever to bake a potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes I’ll just throw one in there. Even if I don’t want one. Because by the time it’s done, who knows? I throw a potato in. And go on vacation.", "\nMy friend did this to me. My friend came up to me. And he said this. He said: “Hey, you know what I like? Mashed potatoes.” I said “dude, you gotta give me time to guess.” If you want to quiz me, you must put a pause in there.", "\nOnce I went to a craft fair. I see a jar of jelly beans. I said “guess how many jelly beans there are in the jar.” “And you win a prize.” Aw, come on, man. Let me just have some. I’ll tell you what. You guess how many I want. If you said a handful, you are right.", "\nWhat’s up, everybody? Is this special or what? The Mitch Hedberg Not So Special. Whenever I hang around a group of friends, I try to make sure we hang out clockwise. Because that way if we’re photographed, we are easy to identify. You didn’t get that one? Neither did I. I don’t know why I do it. I just have this thing in me. That won’t let me drop it.", "\nI have two sisters. And one is named Wendy. If you asked Wendy if I was weird, should probably say “yeah.” But that’s backwards. Because she’s weird. Because she has like a husband. And two children. And they have a family photo on top of their VCR where they’re all looking slightly to the left. As though something is going on over there. The camera is right in front of you. But I guess something happened to the left. That made everybody happy. Except my sister is cross eyed. So she can’t quite pull it off. One eye is right on.", "\nI had a roommate. His name was Eddie. And Eddie was slow on the mental draw. I was writing a letter. I had a problem. I said “Ed, how do you abbreviate Arkansas?” He said “I don’t know. Just start spelling it. Then quit.”", "\nLike we had a refrigerator with a hard-boiled egg inside. After a few days, the shell started to crack. Eddie’s first comment was “man, this guy is a survivor!” Like if you’re walking on a street with Eddie. And a car pulls up. And two guys get out with ski masks and guns. They say “get in the car. We’re going to kidnap you. Eddie would’ve said “shotgun.” I’d have been in the backseat with the other kidnappers. “He called it.” Last time I called “shotgun,” we had a rented limo. So I fucked up. I’m just trying to be likable up here now. I have to be likable. It’s not about likability, really. I was at a casino. I was standing by the door. A security guard came over and said: “You’re gonna have to move. You’re blocking the fire exit.” As though if there were a fire, I wasn’t gonna run. If you are flammable and have legs, you’re never blocking a fire exit.", "\nI love casinos. I like to gamble, you know. Like whenever they advertise a casino, like a billboard, they show like a guy winning money. Like a guy holding with a money sign on them. But that’s what happens the least. It’s false advertising. Perhaps when they advertise a hamburger, they should show a guy choking. This is what happened once. I got my hair highlighted. Because I thought some strands were more important than others.", "\nI hate turkeys. If you go to the grocery store, and you stand in front of the lunch-meat section for too long, you start to get pissed off at turkeys. You see like turkey ham. Turkey pastrami. Turkey bologna. Somebody needs to tell the turkeys – “Man, just be yourself.” “I already like you, little brother.” “You don’t need to emulate the other animals.” “You got your own thing going.” “I used to draw you.” You know if you had a couple fingers of this, you’d draw a screwed up turkey. That turkey was in an accident.", "\nIf I had nine of my fingers missing, I wouldn’t type any slower. I type 101 words per minute. But it’s in my own language.", "\nI used to do drugs. I still do. But I used to too.", "\nAbout once every three years, I think about buying a yo-yo. I’ll be at the store. And I’ll come upon the yo-yo section and I’ll fantasize about mastering it. To the point where it becomes a reference as to who I am. “Do you know Mitch Hedberg?” “Is he that guy who kicks ass on the yo-yo?” Yes, I do. He is cool.", "\nI go to a lot of bars when I’m on the road. A lot of bars have black lights. When to bar has black lights, everybody looks very cool. Except for me. Because I was under the impression that the mustard stains came out.", "\nWhen I’m off stage, I don’t talk very much. I’m pretty quiet, right? And I hang around people who just talk nonstop. That’s all they do. Is they talk, talk, talk. I can’t get a word in edgewise. And when I do, I usually say something like “hey, man.” “You want some taffy?” You don’t get that joke? I got a feeling y’all don’t get half my shit. What’s up with that, baby? Special. That’s all right. You know. I’m just trying to roll with it.", "\nI smoke cigars occasionally. I don’t know a lot about cigars. Like I’m at the cigar store. The man behind the counter says “what kind of cigars do you like?” Uh, it’s a boy’s.", "\nI was at a bar. I was minding my own business. No one was talking to me because I just did a show. This guy bumps into me, which is cool. But he didn’t apologize. He said “move!” I thought that was rude. So I say “go to hell!” That I started to run. He caught up with me. He had a mustache, a goatee. A pair of earrings. A pair of sunglasses. His hair was in a ponytail. And he was wearing a hat. They say “hey, you got a lot of nerve.” I say “hey, you got a lot of cranium accessories.”", "\nThis is a smart crowd. When I play the dumb crowds, I have to say “you gotta lot of shit on your head.” I’m gonna get a little personal towards the last part of the set. I’m gonna do it from a sitting position. You have me sitting on the stand. It got personal, you know. People flipping around the channels. They say “what the hell?” “What’s Hedberg doing just sitting down, telling jokes?”", "\nAcid was my favorite drug. Acid opened up my mind. It expanded my mind. Because of acid, I now know that butter is way better than margarine. I saw through the bullshit. When I was on acid, I would see things. Like beams of light. And I would hear sounds that sounded an awful lot like car horns. When we were on acid, we would go into the woods. Because when you were in the woods tripping, there was less likely a chance you would run into an authority figure. But we ran into a bear. That was even more of a buzz kill. My friend Duane was standing there raising his right hand. Swearing to help prevent forest fires. We got a way from the bear. He put his arm around my shoulder. He said “Mitchell.” “Smokey is way more intense in person.” I went to England to tell jokes. And I wanted to do my Smokey the bear joke in England. So I had to ask the English people if they knew what Smokey the bear was. But they don’t. Because in England, Smokey the bear is not the forest fire prevention representative. They had Smacky the frog. It’s a lot like bear. But it’s a frog. And I think that’s a better system. I think we should adopt it. Because bears can be mean. But frogs are always cool. Like never has there been a frog hopping toward me. And I thought “man,” “I better play dead.” “Here comes that frog.” I’ve never said “here comes that frog” in a horrifying manner. It’s always like optimistic. Like “hey, here comes that frog.” “All right.” “Maybe he will settle near me.” “And I can pet him.” “And put him in a mayonnaise jar.” With a stick and a leaf. “To re-create what he’s used to.” “And I certainly have to punch some holes in the lid.” “Because he’s damn sure used to air.” “And then I can observe him.” “And we won’t be doing much.” “In his 16 ounce world.”", "\nI like to talk about the differences between frogs and bears. I know it’s cliché. Like when there’s a frog around, I don’t have to hang my sandwiches from a branch. A frog knows they are for me. He’d rather have a fly. Because a fly zigzags. And my sandwiches do not. Unless I go like this. There ain’t no frog attack prevention pamphlet. Now if a frog is hopping toward you, do not look the amphibian in the eye. This will incite him.", "\nI wear V-neck shirts. This is a V-neck I got on. The neck is so fragile, man. I can’t wear a regular neck shirt. It hurts. And I especially hate turtlenecks. Like wearing a turtleneck is like being strangled by a really weak guy. All day. Like if you wear a turtleneck and a backpack, it’s like a weak midget trying to bring you down.", "\nI’m at the end of my special, man. My special, baby. You don’t know. I don’t know. It’s my special. See how happy I am. Because I’m taping a special. You know how you go to a restaurant on the weekends, they get busy. So they start a waiting list. They start calling out names. They say like… “Dufresne, party of two.” “Table ready for Dufresne, party of two.” And if no one answers, they’ll say the name again. “Dufresne, party of two.” But then if no one answers, they’ll just go right on to the next name. “Bush, party of three.” Yeah, but what happened to the Dufresne’s? No one seems to care. Who can eat at a time like this? People are missing. You people are selfish. The Dufresne’s are in someone’s trunk right now. With duct tape over their mouth. And they’re hungry. That’s a double whammy. We need help. “Bush, search party of three.” “You can eat once you find the Dufresne’s.”", "\nThat’s the end of the normal set. I’m going to do a couple more jokes because, man, you know. I felt as though y’all were like saying… “What the fuck’s up with this guy?” I got a lot of the “what the fuck’s up with this guy?” vibe. And I certainly want my special to be funny. You know what I mean. I come out here like all – Rock ‘n roll. This is all bullshit. What the fuck, man? Let’s keep the tape rolling. Check it out. I’m gonna do a couple more. Just in case. For editing.", "\nI think Pizza Hut is the cockiest pizza chain on the planet. Because Pizza Hut will accept all competitors’ coupons. That makes me wish I had my own pizza place. Mitch’s Pizzeria. This week’s coupon. Unlimited free pizza. Special note. Coupon not good at any of the Mitch’s Pizza locations. Free pizza offered with purchase… of a small Coke. Two for Tuesday. Buy one pizza. Get one franchise free.", "\nHey, man. I want to retape my special. I feel good now. This will be the second half. Whenever I walk, people try to hand me out flyers. And when somebody hands me a flyer, it’s kind of like they’re saying… “Here. You throw this away.”", "\nThese are just editing options. I said that joke on another show earlier. My… I smile because I’m happy. I want to put that part in right there.", "\nI can’t floss my teeth, man. I can’t get into the flossing thing. People who smoke cigarettes, they say: “Man, you don’t know how hard it is to quit smoking.” Yes, I do. It’s as hard as it is to start flossing. You seem jittery. Yeah, I’m about to floss.", "\nI think Pringles’ initial intention was to make tennis balls. But on the day the rubber was supposed to show up, a big truck load of potatoes arrived. And Pringles is a laid-back company. They said “fuck it. Cut them up.”", "\nMy. My old shit works better than my new shit. I am out of ideas. Sometimes I wave to people I don’t know. It’s very dangerous to wave to someone you don’t know. Because what if they don’t have a hand? They’ll think you’re cocky. Look what I got, motherfucker.", "\nThis thing is useful. I’m gonna go pick something up. I think you like me more now than earlier. So I’m gonna redo my special. I had an apartment in Los Angeles. And I had a neighbor… Redo my special. I’m gonna redo it. Yes.", "\nI used to have really long hair. People always thought that I was high on stage. Because people associate long hair with drug use. I wish long hair was associated with something other than drug use. Like an extreme longing for cake. And then strangers would see a long-haired guy and say… “That guy eats cake.” “He is on Bundt cake.” Mothers saying to their daughters “don’t bring the cake eater over here anymore.” “He smells like flour.” Did you see how excited he got when he found out your birthday was fast approaching? I like cinnamon rolls. That’s why I wish they made like a cinnamon roll incense. Because I don’t always have time to make a pan. Perhaps rather light a stick. And then, have my roommates wake up with false hopes. That joke is gonna be edited in. That was a pretty good reaction.", "\nI guess I got to end now. I don’t know how to end necessarily. I just feel like doing another hour. The Mitch Hedberg 90 minute special. Self indulgence. Hey, people. Look, all right. This is dumb. All right. Hey, man. What if all I say is “hey, man”?", "\nI wrote a script. And I gave it to a guy who read scripts. And he read it. And he said he really likes it. But he thinks I need to rewrite it. I said “fuck that. I’ll just make a copy.”", "\nI got to get off this damn stage. I wish there was like a trap door that would open up. And I’d fall in it. You are done. And I’d land on a couch. And have a drink. Oh, that would be silly. I got to get out of here, man.", "\nThis jacket is dry clean only. Which means it’s dirty.", "\nWhy like am I doing better when this special is over? Let’s do these. The B sides of the Mitch Hedberg special.", "\nI play the guitar. I taught myself how to play the guitar. Which was a bad decision. Because I didn’t know how to play it. So I was a shitty teacher. I would never have went to me. I played in a death metal band. People either loved us or they hated us. Or they thought we were okay. A lot of death metal bands have intense names. Like Rigor Mortis. Or Mortuary. Or Obituary. We weren’t that intense. We just went with – Injured. Later on we changed it to A-cappella. As we were walking out of the pawn shop. We became a death metal barbershop quartet. You know you go to concerts like punk rock. And the kids get on stage. And they jump in the crowd. Stage diving. People think that’s dangerous. But not me. Because humans are made out of 95% water. So the audience is 5% away from a pool.", "\nI like KitKats unless I’m with four or more people. I’m just going to do every joke I have. You make the special. Thank you. You – you in the truck decide what is special. I used to buy a lot of M&Ms. They’re a delicious candy. But then I switched to aspirin. I find if you hand your friend two aspirin, he doesn’t look at you like you’re selfish.", "\nI like roast beef. All right. I don’t have a joke about roast beef. I’ll have the check. I had a box of Ritz crackers. And on the back of the box, Ritz crackers had all these suggestions. As to what to put on top of the Ritz. Try it with turkey and cheese. Try it with peanut butter. Oh, come on, man. They’re crackers. That’s why I got them. I like crackers. There ain’t no suggestions. Put a Ritz on top of a Ritz. I didn’t buy them because they are little edible plates. Like lunch-meat does not have suggestions as to what to slip underneath it. Try this. Slip a cracker under them. Pastrami. Slip a piece of bread… You have to slip things under lunch-meat. It is not a good base. I like Swiss cheese unless I’m with four or more people.", "\nI think Visine was only invented for potheads. Who else would buy Visine? Say, man, I need Visine. I don’t want people to know that I have been swimming. I’m a heroin addict. I need to have sex with women who saved someone’s life.", "\nYou’re a good reaction guy. Keep the camera on that guy. I want to tell the people in the truck, whenever you’re cutting to a reaction shot, cut to him. Because you’re really good. You laugh a lot, man. It’s very pleasurable to see. My special is gonna be all cut up and shit. It’s gonna be very weird. It’s not gonna be seamless. All jerky and shit. I gotta get out of here. They’re gonna get mad at me now. I know it. I’m gonna get yelled at. I love you guys. Thanks for coming to my special."], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/07/06/mitch-hedberg-comedy-central-special1999-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "DAVE CHAPPELLE: FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH (2004) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "May 19th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["DAVE CHAPPELLE", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Why’d you pick San Francisco to shoot your special? This is one of the best towns that ever knew comedy. And this is the most historic venue you got as far as comedians are concerned. ‘Cause Lenny Bruce ripped it down here. Yeah, all the best came through the Bay. What about Richard? What about Robin Williams? Carlin? Mooney? You don’t necessarily have to be the biggest star. As long as you come with it then people coming out. They like to see live performances… because it’s a savvy audience. San Francisco, are you ready? I don’t think he can hear you. Are you ready? Welcome to the show. Here’s Dave Chappelle.", "Oh, man. Oh, shit. Yes, bring it on, man. Yes, thank you. Thank you all. Thank you for coming. God damn. I did it big this year. From cable, nigger, goddamn. Thanks for coming out and thanks for making a nigger feel comfortable… in the gayest place on earth. You guys got Disney World jealous about this, motherfuckers. Man. I didn’t really think it was that gay at first. ‘Cause when I was coming here… everyone was like, man, that place is really gay. What the fuck is everybody talking about? It’s not so gay. And then I wandered into that Castro. God damn. I said, ”This is America’s anus right here.” This shit is deep. I went to that Tenderloin. There’s nothing tender about that motherfucker at all. That shit was rough. The opposite of tender. I have never seen crack smoked so casually before. These niggers was sitting in front of Starbucks… smoking crack and drinking coffee. I said, this is off the hook.", "\nTalking about politics… I seen ", "one crackhead trying to break into somebody’s car", ", man… and it struck a chord with me. I tried to stop it. I said, ”Hey!” And he looked back and saw me and said: ”Keep an eye out.” I said, ”Nigger, that was me that said that. I’m not trying to help you. ”I want this shit to stop.” Crackheads are like that. I had a crackhead break my car window one time. Broke it. You know what he stole? Fucking candy bar I had lying on the seat. That’s all he took. Just a goddamn candy bar. I was so mad… I drove around the neighborhood for five hours… looking for a crackhead with chocolate on his face. I did this. I finally found him, I grabbed him. I said, ”Hey, man, what’s all this chocolate on your face? ”Motherfucker.” He looked confused. ”Chocolate? ”This is doo-doo, baby.” I said…. Oh, man.", "\nThis place is insane. But you know what I like about ", "San Fran", "… and the reason I picked this city to do my special is because… of all the major cities in America, somehow, people get along here better… than anywhere else I’ve seen in the country. That’s right. And I always admire San Fran for that. And today, I’ve realized how you did it. Put all the niggers on the other side of that bridge. They sure ain’t happy on that side. You leave San Francisco, they’re like, ”Bye, thanks for coming to San Francisco. ”Come back in April, we’re having a sale on Birkenstocks.” When you get to the other side, ”Welcome to Oakland, bitch.” Click. Click.", "\nIt’s fucking crazy. But it also feels like it’s an East Coast city… in the West Coast. You guys got subways and shit. I’m ", "scared of public transportation", ". I was on a bus that was held hostage… 45 minutes. Wasn’t life-threatening. Don’t get that impression. It was a dude jerking off. But the shit was scary, son. It was scary. Right before it happened, I was on the bus smoking a cigarette. It’s a long story. It’s not the coolest shit I ever did… and people freaked out. ”Sir! ”Sir, put that goddamn cigarette out, okay? ”This is everybody’s air, sir.” I flicked it. I didn’t want any trouble. And just at that moment… coincidentally, this homeless dude, out of nowhere pulls his dick out. Started beating off. And I was furious. ‘Cause nobody’s saying shit to this guy. They was just looking like, ”My God.” I was the only one on the bus that had the balls to talk to him. It’s not even like I was brave, really, it was that… I was sitting next to the motherfucker. I had to say something. Come on, dog, you’re hitting my elbow. Stop. Son, just stop. It’s all I said. I didn’t wanna say too much. Guy’s beating off on the bus, means there’s something wrong with him. He’s not wrapped so tight. I didn’t wanna push him over the edge. Soon as I said something, all these dummies on the bus, now they’re brave. ”Oh, he’s right.” ”put your goddamn cock away. I don’t wanna see this anymore.” ”I don’t wanna see it either.” ”Yeah.” Now, the guy flips out. ”All right, everybody, back up, back the fuck up. ”I tried to be nice about this.” Now, everybody freaks out. ”Oh, my God, it’s a biological attack.” I’m caught in the middle. I can’t lose my cool. I said ”Everybody just calm the fuck down or you’re going to get me shot. ”Let’s all just be cool. ”Let’s do what this man says, so he’ll leave us alone.” Now everybody gets quiet. ”That’s better. ”That is better.” And then he started walking up and down the aisles, just terrorizing us. And then he starts making demands. ”You in the pink shirt… ”squeeze your tits together.” ”Oh, God, no.” ”You. Stick your finger in your butt.” ”Why? Oh, God, why is this happening?” ”Oh, God.” He was working my way. The shit was tight. Just that minute, I got saved, dudes. I was so lucky. This guy, the other in the bus, he snapped. He lost his mind. I seen it happen. He screamed out, ”Rush him. ”He can’t come on all of us.” He charges down the aisle. And it’s like a movie. This homeless dude’s seen him coming. He shot one off. I dodged that shit like ", "The Matrix", ", nigger. The guy behind me wasn’t so lucky, though. ”No!” That shit was gross. It didn’t kill him, but it was…. I’m sure that fucked his day up. You’re not gonna have a normal day if a homeless dude… busts a nut on your forehead at 8:30 in the morning. That’s a wrap on the rest of the day. That guy was freaking out. ”It burns!” Everyone was standing around looking at him. Even the homeless dude felt bad. I guess he was finished, he came back to his senses. ”Oh, this is my stop.” I said, ”Relax, motherfucker.” I had to say something. ”Oh, I can’t. I got AIDS, I know it.” I said, ”You can’t get AIDS from a homeless dude busting a nut on your forehead. ”That’s not how it spreads.” I don’t know if it’s true. That’s just what I told him. He was so scared, I had to say something.", "I don’t know ", "where AIDS comes from", ". Who the fuck knows? Scientists don’t even know. Scientists still say AIDS started ’cause somebody had sex with a monkey. Word? After all this research, the best explanation that you came up with…. Nobody fucks monkeys and people, you idiot. You either fuck monkeys or you fuck people. That’s it. There’s no in-between. You’re not gonna get monkey pussy on Tuesday… and then be like, ”Well, let me call Charlene,” on Thursday. No. Once you fuck a monkey, that’s a firm decision. I’m out of the human pussy game for good. It’s ridiculous. They act like monkeys are just as open as… waiting for people to fuck them, man. Monkeys don’t wanna be fucked by people. Think about it. Think about how hard it would be to catch a monkey… and fuck it. That’s ridiculous. That’s how it had to go down. You think you’re going to walk up to him in the woods… and bribe this nigger with fruits and bananas? ”Hey, buddy, hey. ”There you go, buddy, yeah. ”There you go, your big bright red ass. ”This big bright red booty.” Do you know how strong a monkey is? It would rip your dick off like a celery stalk. Throw that shit in the tall grass, to never be seen again. ”Hey, dog, we’re gonna go to the club, pick up some girls, you trying to roll?” ”No, man, I’m cool. ”I’m gonna stay home, chill with my monkey. ”You know how long it took me to train this monkey… ”to suck my dick… ”without peeling it? ”Last night, Chimp-chimp jerked me off with his feet. ”Nigger, only a monkey can show you that kind of love and tenderness. ”So you all keep fucking these people if you want, niggers. ”No, it’s monkey pussy for me. ”I’m hooking up with an orangutan next week. ”’Cause all I fuck is chimps and orangutans.” You know who", "I feel real bad for is Indians. Everybody feels bad for the ", "Indians", ". They get dogged openly, ’cause everybody thinks they’re dead. These motherfuckers are not all dead, all right? I’ve seen, with my own eyes, I’ve seen a gathering… of 1,500 Native Americans. They were all gathered in one place. The place is called Wal-Mart in New Mexico. They were everywhere. I’ve never seen Indians before. I wasn’t even sure if they were Indians. It was fucked up, but I asked one of them. It’s not nice, but I seen them in the sports section… looking at bows and arrows. I had to say something. ”Excuse me… ”I don’t mean to be rude… ”are you an Indian?” And he was cool. ”Yes. ”Yes, I am Indian.” I still didn’t believe him. I had to test him and be sure. This is fucked up, but I had a gum wrapper in my pocket. So, I balled that shit up and I threw it on the floor. And a single tear came out his eye. I said, ”Oh, shit.” I have so many questions. I said, ”What tribe are you from?” ”I am a Navajo.” I said, ”Word? ”I studied you in Social Studies. ”You’re a hunter-gatherer, correct?” He said, ”I guess so… ”if that’s what you wish to call it.” I said, ”Why, what do you call it?” He said, ”I am… ”an alcoholic.” I said, ”Well, what’s your name, dog?” He said, ”please. Dog is my cousin. That was a good guess. ”My name is… ”Running Coyote. ”What is your name, friend?” And that shit caught me off guard. I didn’t wanna say my name was Dave… to a motherfucker named Running Coyote. It don’t feel good enough. He’s putting me on the spot. I said, ”My name? What? ”Oh, my name’s Black Feet.” I changed the subject. ”Forget about me. What’s going on with you? ”I wanna meet your chief. ”Why don’t me, you, your Chief, and your friends get together tonight? ”We could have a real-life peace pipe-smoking ritual. ”We need to celebrate ’cause I thought you were dead.” And he set it up. It was beautiful. It was just like I dreamed. We was all sitting around. The Indians was beating the drums. Other Indians came out the back… with a long blanket that was folded in half and put in front of us. Opened that shit up… and on the blanket was a long wooden pipe with feathers. And bags of weed were all over the blanket. The chief walked over. ”The big ones are 50. The little ones are 25 and these are 10.” Man, those Indians got high as shit. I was baked. I told the chief. He was talking, I cut him off. ”Time out, Chief. ”Sorry to interrupt. ”I’m fucking smashed, man. The weed’s too strong. ”You sure this isn’t pCp? The spirits have got me. ”Chief, the spirits have got me.” And the Chief threw some water in my face. ”Calm down, Blackface.” I said, ”It’s Black Feet, motherfucker. Take it easy.” ”Black Feet… ”you are welcome to stay amongst me and my tribe for the night… ”until the spirits leave you.” And they gave me my own teepee to sleep in… which sounds nice. I personally felt like it was a little fucked up. You know, ’cause they all had houses. It’s like, why can’t I sleep with you all in the house and watch TV? Like, I can’t be on this grass all night. The Indians is rude, man. Everybody’s rude, the Indians. They eating nasty food. All they ate was corn and shit. Doritos, I think they called it.", "That’s right. People only see the surface. They see the division in ", "our foods", ". Just ’cause I eat chicken and watermelon… they think there’s something wrong with me. If you don’t like chicken or watermelon… something is wrong with you, motherfucker. Where are all these people that don’t like chicken and watermelon? I’m sick of hearing about how bad it is. It’s great. I’m waiting for chicken to approach me to do a commercial. I’ll do it for free, chicken. It’s the least I can do. They make fun of Latin people for eating…. What you all eating? Beans? Rice? Corn? Listen, that’s not a reason to hate a motherfucker, all right? It’s funny, but it’s not a reason to hate. The only reason these things are even an issue is because… nobody knows what white people eat. You’ve been very good at keeping that shit a secret amongst yourselves. I study white people. You don’t know that. I’m writing a paper on you. Not even for school, nigger. Just to do it, just to do this independent research. I’m spending my money. That’s why I’m working so hard. I follow you around grocery stores. They freak out. I try to peek in their cart. They say, ”Get away from my cart, nigger. What’re you looking at? ”Chicken and giblets are over there. ”You must be lost. These are vegetables.” I know what you drink. See how quiet it got. Grape juice. Surprise, motherfuckers. You didn’t know I knew about grape juice, did you? Oh, don’t play dumb with me. A lot of black people don’t have the privilege of knowing about grape juice… because they have grape drink. It’s not the same formula that you get. Ain’t no vitamins in that shit. You might have one of your black friends over. ”Todd, would you care for a glass of grape juice?” ”What? ”Nigger, what the fuck is juice? ”I want some grape drink, baby. ”It’s purple. ”I don’t think I know what a grape drink is.” ”What?” ”I have some apple juice, if you want.” ”What the fuck is juice? ”I want some apple drink. ”It’s green.” Remember that commercial for Sunny Delight… when all the kids run in from outside playing… and they all run to the fridge? ”All right, I got some purple stuff, some Sunny D.” As soon as they say ”Sunny D,” all the kids go, ”Yeah!” Watch the black kid in the back. If you see that commercial, look at that black kid. He’d be like, ”I want that purple stuff.” That’s drink, nigger, it’s drink. They want drink. They don’t want all them vitamins, man. They want drink. Sugar, water, purple. That’s the ingredients: Sugar, water… and of course, purple.", "It’s too fucking much. I got a lot of things to talk about tonight. First of all, ", "I’ve stopped smoking weed", "… with black people. You didn’t let me finish, motherfuckers. God damn. I’m sorry, black people, to break the news so publicly… but I can’t smoke with you anymore. Every time I smoke weed with my black friends… all you talk about… is your trials and tribulations. I’m sick of that shit. I got my own problems. That’s a waste of weed. I’m smoking weed to run from my problems, not take on yours. From now on, I smoke weed exclusively with white people. Calm down, motherfuckers, you win by default. You got good weed conversation. All white people talk about when they get high… is other times that they got high. I could listen to that shit all night. ”Dude, remember at Frank’s last week, I was fucking smashed, man.” And catalogs everything they drink. ”I had two shots of Jäger… ”tequila, four bong hits, man… ”beer, cheeseburger.” That shit is great.", "\nThe only bad part is… ", "you cannot pass out around white people", ". Every time white dudes pass out around each other… they always do some borderline-gay shit when the guys are sleeping. ”Frank fell asleep so we, like, stuck a carrot in his ass… ”and put shaving cream on his balls.” Why, motherfucker? Why’d you do that to a friend of yours? He trusted you to sleep around you. You put a carrot in his ass? Is that nice? I’ll tell you, if I put a carrot in a black dude’s ass… he will kill you when he wakes up for some shit like that. That is an automatic death sentence on the street. It’s a wrap for you. ”I’m gonna kill that motherfucker.” ”I thought you all was friends, baby. What happened?” ”I fell asleep at his house. We was drinking. I fell asleep at his house… ”and while I was sleeping, right…. ”I’m gonna kill that motherfucker. That’s all you need to know. ”And fuck carrots.”", "But ", "everybody’s getting along", ". I see that shit. I see it all around. Blacks and whites don’t fight so much. You know who don’t have no beef with anybody is ", "Asian people", ". I see how you all be doing. You all just lay in the cut. The only people Asian people beef with is other Asian people. Like if you call a Korean guy Chinese. I’ve done this. They’ll flip out. ”Hey. ”What makes you think I’m Chinese? ”I am Korean. ”Do I look Chinese?” Yes, motherfucker, you do look Chinese. That’s why I said it. It’s an accident. To the untrained eye, you all look Chinese to me. It’s a mistake. I’m not trying to offend you. Some say all black people look alike. We don’t get bent out of shape. We normally just call those people ”police,” okay? Just learn to live with it. That’s all I can tell you. Just learn to live with it. That’s all I can tell you.", "Everybody’s afraid of the police", " now. I’m scared to death of these police. I am. I got a police scanner. First money I got, that’s the first shit I went out and bought. I just listen to these motherfuckers before I go out. Just to make sure everything’s cool. You hear shit on it. ”Calling all cars. ”Be on the lookout for a black male between 4’7” and 6’8”. Staying in the crib tonight. Fuck that. Gotta work on that alibi for a minute. Every black person needs an alibi. I do them impromptu joints. If I’m by myself and need an alibi… I open up the windows in the apartment, turn the lights on… start beating off right in the window. Hey, everybody. Look, it’s me, Dave Chappelle. Crazy. I’m jerking off. Note the time, motherfuckers. It’s 2:35. Look at me, I’m jerking off in the window, 2:35. Comedian Dave Chappelle, June 10, note the time. That shit could save my life. ”Officer, Chappelle couldn’t have done that. ”I saw him in his window masturbating from 2:35 to 2:37. ”I’m certain of it. ”He was standing on a clock and holding a calendar and today’s paper.”", "Fuck, I need an alibi. ", "I can’t be no celebrity", ". This shit is just the worst. I’m seeing it. I see why stars are crazy, man, these motherfuckers. I went to ", "Disney World", " with my kids, which is a big deal for me. I don’t get to see my kids so much. I do Chappelle’s Show 20 hours a day. Sleep for, like, half an hour. Raise my kids for 10, 20 minutes and I go back to work. Now… this particular day I got to hook up with the kids. We went to Disney World. Everybody at the park… fucking everybody. ”Hey. I’m Rick James, bitch.” It’s like, ”Hey, man, hey… ”you mind not calling me a bitch in front of my kids? ”Time out, motherfucker. We take a day off.” Even Mickey Mouse did it. I said, this is the most unprofessional shit I have ever seen in my life. ”Rick James, bitch.” I was fed up. I caught that motherfucker with an uppercut. Knocked his head clean off. Everybody was screaming. ”Oh, my God. ”Mickey Mouse is Mexican.”", "\nI had a terrible time in Disney World. Disney World’s like another country anyway. They got their own currency. That shit is ridiculous. Soon as I check into the hotel: ”Welcome to Disney World, Mr. Chappelle. ”Can we interest you in some ", "Disney dollars", "?” ”No, man, I’m cool. ”Can’t buy weed and pussy with Disney dollars. ”I’m on vacation.” I like them greenbacks. I like them greenbacks, you know what I’m saying? The kind of money people spend. People are very particular about that.", "One of the main stories from the war was…. The first big thing we did was they said, ”Now that Iraq has been liberated… ”we have managed to take Saddam Hussein’s face off of the money.” And I’m not gonna lie. When that press conference came on, I was choked up. I was actually proud to be an American… because that is a very subtle psychological nuance of oppression… to have a dictator on your money. And it’s thoughtful to be able to take that motherfucker off… for the goodwill of another person, right? But then I thought, if you could do that for Iraq, what about our money? ", "Our money looks like baseball cards with slave owners on them", ". George Washington’s the worst of the worst. Yes, I said it. We mythologize this motherfucker like he was the greatest dude, man. If I went back in time with a white person… and we saw George Washington walking in front of our time machine… my white friend would probably say, ”Dave, look, there’s George Washington. ”The father of this great nation. I’m gonna go shake his hand.” I’d be on the other side like, ”Run, nigger! George Washington!” And we’d both be right. You like him because he wrote the Declaration of Independence and that shit. ”We hold these truths to be self-evident. ”All men are created equal.” ”Go get me a sandwich, nigger, or I’ll kill you.” ”Liberty, justice for all.” Am I wrong? Wait a minute, did he not own slaves? That’s all I’m saying. I almost protested the war in the beginning. Almost. Till I saw what happened to them Dixie Chicks. I said, ”Fuck that.” If they’ll do that to three white women, they will tear my black ass to pieces. I don’t wanna hear that shit. Yeah, man, they would. But I’m, like, for real, why do you care so much what the Dixie Chicks are saying? It’s not like they’re political scientists. They just can sing good… you know what I mean?", "Stop worshipping celebrities", " so much. Just don’t pay attention. I remember right around ", "September 11, Ja Rule", " was on MTV. That’s what they said. ”We got Ja Rule on the phone. ”Let’s see what Ja’s thoughts are on this tragedy.” Who gives a fuck what Ja Rule thinks at a time like this? This is ridiculous. I don’t wanna dance. I’m scared to death. I want some answers that Ja Rule might not have right now. You think when bad shit happens to me, I’ll be in the crib like: ”God, this is terrible. Could somebody please… ”find Ja Rule? Get hold of this motherfucker so I can make sense of all this. ”Where is Ja? ”I need Ja Rule.”", "\nI don’t even know why people listen to me. I’ll say anything. I’ve done ", "commercials for Coke and Pepsi", ". I don’t give a fuck what comes out of my mouth. I say what it takes. Whatever it takes, that’s what I’m saying. If you wanna know the truth, can’t even taste the difference. Surprise! All I know is, Pepsi paid me most recently… so it tastes better. That’s pretty much how the game goes. I’m just being real, man. There’s too much goo-gaa over celebrities. people don’t know what’s fake and what’s real anymore.", "\nThat’s why ", "Bill Cosby", " got in trouble. Look what happened to Bill Cosby. Bill Cosby said some real shit… and the whole world freaked out on him. For what? For having an opinion? Because he was selling pudding pops for the last 40 years… people forget that he’s a nigger from philly and the projects. And he might say some real shit from time to time. It’s not that big of a deal. I spoke at my old high school and I told them kids straight up. If you guys are serious about ", "making it out of this ghetto", "… you gotta focus… you gotta stop blaming white people for your problems… and you’ve gotta learn how to rap… or play basketball or something, nigger. You’re trapped! You are trapped. Either do that or sell crack. That’s your only options. That’s the only way I’ve ever seen it work. You gotta entertain these white people. Gotta get to dancing. Go on out there and be somebody. I just hope they listen.", "\nThis shit is ridiculous. ", "People worship television", ". They worship this shit. You know, like, if you watch a movie. Say you’re watching a movie. One character says to another character: ”What’s your number, man?” What does the other character always say? ”555-5555.” You know why they gotta do that? Because stupid-ass people go to the movies… then go home and try to call the characters that they just saw. ”Hello, is Indiana Jones there?” No, motherfucker, he’s fake. It’s not his number.", "To be honest, this is the worst time in history to be a ", "black celebrity", ". Fuck. They’re locking all our stars up. It’s hot right now for black celebrities. I knew it was bad when ", "Kobe", " got in trouble. I said, this is a wrap for us. He’s one of the most wholesome dudes we had. And they lock him up and everything. And Kobe kept it together. Thank God he held his game together… because if he was cracking under pressure and getting like, six points a game… the whole of L.A. would be like, ”That nigger is guilty.” Kobe was playing his ass off. He was playing like his freedom depended on that shit. You see this motherfucker in them games… this nigger’s trying to beat that case on the court. Like the judge threw him the ball. ”play for your freedom.” If I could talk to Kobe, I’d say, ”Just relax, you’ll be fine, man.” ‘Cause the public is still giving Kobe the benefit of the doubt. He’s one of the few black celebrities getting that. Not cause he’s a celebrity, more because… the girl showed up with eight different semens to the investigation. You can’t do that. That’s seven too many. That’s a lot of semen. This bitch’s got Noah’s Ark in her panties. What’s she trying recreate humanity or something? She’s a collector. Every unsolved mystery, the answer might be in this girl’s panties. That’s the first place I’d look. OJ’s other glove is in there. Bigfoot’s footprint. Three CSI reruns is in that motherfucker. She’s got the most diabolical drawers ever. Fuck being a celebrity. This is not the time to be a black star. They’re locking all our stars up. Black celebrities. It’s a witch hunt for us, man. God damn it. ", "It’s all OJ’s fault", ". Ever since OJ got away, white people just been locking up our stars, one by one. It’s true. And it’s all…. It’s not even OJ’s fault. It’s our fault. We celebrated too openly when OJ got acquitted. We should’ve been quiet about that shit. Soon as there’s, ”Not guilty,” niggers are dancing. Oh, in your face, in your face. Hurts, don’t it? It hurts. Burns, doesn’t it, man? Oh, that justice system burns, doesn’t it? Welcome to my world, motherfucker, and all that shit. White people wanted OJ’s ass bad. The city of L.A. spent over $12 million just trying that motherfucker. And the look on white people’s faces when he was acquitted… priceless. And that’s why I don’t trip off being a celebrity. I don’t like it. I don’t trust it. One minute they all love you, the next thing you know… you’re in front of a courthouse dancing on top of a car… trying to figure out what the fuck happened to you. That’s what I’m waiting for… ’cause the timing of this ", "Michael Jackson", " shit is what makes me doubt it. Every time there’s wars going out of control, or the economy is bad… or something is wrong with the world at large… it’s always these moments in history… that Michael Jackson will coincidentally… jerk off a kid. This is getting ridiculous. Are you planning this shit? You have meetings? ”Michael, thank you for coming. ”As you know, the war has not been going as well as we expected. ”There’s been a lot of hiccups, and the public is asking us… ”a lot of questions, of course… ”and well, Michael, there’s no nice way to say this… ”and all I know how to do is be direct, so let me just be direct. ”We’re gonna need you to jerk off another child, Mike. I’m sorry. ”I am sorry. ”But, it would really help out.” Or maybe he didn’t, who knows? That’s the thing, that’s what I wanted to say, who knows? Who the fuck knows? Mike, God, and this little boy knows. That’s about it. The only reason that I can even talk about this shit… is because everybody is speculating. They all think he did it. I don’t think he did it. I’m alone in this. I don’t think he did it. I’m not gonna say I don’t think he did it. That’s too strong. Let me just say I am reserving judgment… until all the facts come out. So far from what I heard…. I mean, the kid said he’s dying of cancer… he was in Make-A-Wish Foundation. He claims he had two weeks to live and it was his dying wish… to meet Michael Jackson. Come on, man, give me a fucking break. This kid is 10 years old. He don’t remember Thriller. What the fuck he want to meet Michael Jackson for? Honestly. I remember Thriller and I just, like, kind of want to meet this nigger. I wouldn’t break an appointment to meet him. I’ll put it that way. I’d have to already be free. That’s ridiculous. If I’m dying in two weeks and go: ”Mama, get me in a room with Chubby Checker”… I wouldn’t want to meet that motherfucker… not in my last two weeks. Why not Usher or somebody like this? So then the kid claims… he goes to Michael’s house. This is where it all gets crazy. He does everything that you’d expect at Michael’s house. They climbed trees and rode roller coasters and Ferris wheels. The chef made cookies, pies, and cakes. They was petting a monkey and giraffes, singing songs. Kid shit. And in the middle of all this childlike activity… for some reason… Mike put out some wine and some pills… and sucked this kid’s dick. Folks, it hurts me to say it. And the kid had the nerve to call that abuse. Motherfucker, that is a good host. God damn. What else do you want? I’m lucky to get a glass of grape drink at my friend’s house… let alone a roller coaster ride and my dick sucked. Mike must be confused like, ”I brought you in my house, I fed you… ”I sucked your dick, and this is how you repay me, motherfucker? ”This was your wish, not mine. ”Thought you were dying in two weeks. What happened to that? ”I’ve been in court for a year-and-a-half. You get stronger every time I see you.” Wouldn’t it…. This is fucked, though. I shouldn’t even say this. Wouldn’t it be some ironic shit… if they found out through this case that the cure for cancer… was Michael Jackson sucking your dick, somehow? Like if Mike had powers like Green Mile… and all the kids are like, ”please, Mike, suck on this.” ”Never again. ”They didn’t appreciate it.” ”Can we at least study your saliva?” ”please, Mike.” It doesn’t stop, though. It just doesn’t stop. And the only reason I can talk about Mike is ’cause he’s a freak. He is a freak. That’s why people let you talk about him. If I brought up Catholic priests fucking kids, it’d get quiet as shit. But when Michael Jackson does it, it’s okay, because he’s a freak. His face is all cut up. And just remember, when you look at that thing that he calls his face… that he did that for you somehow. Somehow he thought maybe it’ll help. ”Maybe people will like me more if I turn myself into a white… ”ghoulish-like creature.” I don’t know what it is… but he did it for you. And I appreciate the gesture, Michael Jackson. If you’re watching this, I appreciate that gesture… and I want you to know, fuck everybody. Dave Chappelle understands.", "‘Cause you wanna know something? I’m getting some work done. Surprise. Yes. Nothing major. You wouldn’t know if I didn’t tell you… but it’s some shit I’m insecure about that I wanna work on. If you must know… I’m getting ", "Botox done on my balls", " to get these wrinkles out. Finally, to have these just as smooth as eggs. Oh, I can’t wait. I cannot wait. And I’m not stopping there. That’s just phase one, baby. I’d be like Bob Vila, these old balls, I’m fixing them up. I’m plucking all the hair out. I gotta make room, I know this. I’m gonna tattoo a gangster-ass face on… with mean expressions, like this. Then I’ll grow the hair back on the bottom, so they got beards like me. Then I’m hitting that beach and looking for ball-suckers. I’m gonna wear some high shorts, like this. And walk up to women with a confidence I’ve never had before. ”pardon me, miss… ”I don’t mean to be rude… ”but do you suck balls?” ”Excuse me?” ”Miss, relax, you didn’t even let me finish. ”Do you suck these balls?” ”Oh, my God, those balls are as smooth as eggs. ”Yes, I’ll suck them.” I’ve played this scenario out in my mind a million times, ladies. That’s how it always ends, ”Yes, I’ll suck those balls.”", "All our stars. ", "R. Kelly pissed on his victim", ". I know it was rough… but I mean, again, I can’t even judge R. Kelly. We don’t know if these allegations are true or not. Even if they are true, if you wanna know how I feel about it, honestly… if a man cannot pee on his fans… I don’t wanna be in show business anymore. Because that’s why I got in the game, baby. I got dreams, too. You guys are confusing the issue. While you guys are busy worrying about if R. Kelly even peed on this girl or not… you’re not asking yourself the real question… that America needs to decide once and for all. And that question is: ", "”How old is 15, really?”", " No, that’s a good question. I’m not saying that a person is as smart as they’re gonna be at 15. That’s not what I’m saying, man. But I am saying, 15 to me… is old enough to decide… whether or not you want to be pissed on. That’s me. If you can’t make a decision like that by the time you’re 15… then just give up, motherfucker, because life is way harder than that. I make tougher decisions all the time. You don’t wanna get pissed on, get out of the way. It’s not even a decision. If I start peeing on the front row they won’t have to calculate and think: ”How do I feel about this? Am I okay with it?” They just move! You can do that at 15. I could have. I’ve been 15. When I was 15, I was doing stand-up in nightclubs. I smoked reefer from time to time. My friends were selling crack. I was trying to finger-fuck people. I knew what was happening around me to some degree. Getting pissed on was the least of my worries at 15. Trust me. But it keeps coming up. There’s a lot of confusion around that age. Any time 15 comes up, people freak out… like when that girl ", "Elizabeth Smart", " got kidnapped. Right? In Utah last year, a 15-year-old girl Elizabeth Smart was kidnapped… then they finally found her and the whole country was relieved. And I was the only one saying, ”Damn, she wasn’t that smart after all.” Not ’cause she got kidnapped. That could happen to anybody. I’m not knocking her for that. I’m just saying, if you kidnapped me when I was 15… you gotta take me further than 8 miles away from my house, man. God damn. You can’t hold me prisoner around shit I recognize. I’ll break away. Fuck off, that’s my bus stop. I know where I’m at. I’m going home. She was missing for six months 8 miles away from her house. That’s two exits, man. That’s nothing. While she was missing…. During this half a year that this girl was missing… there’s a ", "7-year-old black girl gets kidnapped", " in Philadelphia. Nobody knows her name. They might’ve talked about it a few times on the news… but she should’ve been the top story. She chewed through the ropes and had both of these motherfuckers in jail… in 45 minutes flat. Seven years old. I’m not making this up. These two crackheads kidnapped her, took her to the crackhouse and tied her up. And then they left her. They gotta make moves, crack to smoke, chocolate to eat. They made moves. They was out. Soon as they left, this little girl got to nibbling. She’s kidnapped at 4:00 and at home watching herself on the news at 5:30. That shit is crazy. That’s a news story. Now… meanwhile in Utah… 15-year-old Elizabeth Smart’s captors left her alone, too. And they didn’t even tie her up ’cause they’re hillbillies. They just bounced. ”Don’t try to escape, bitch, or we’ll kill you. Be right back.” They leave. And she’s 15 sitting in the house by herself. ”How am I gonna get out of this? ”Come on, Elizabeth, think. ”Think, Elizabeth, how am I gonna get out of here?” Just open the fucking door and go outside. Have you thought about that? You have a quarter? You know your phone number? You’re 15, bitch! Run! Stop thinking and start making moves! I know I sound mean. People are thinking when I’m saying this: ”Dave, she’s only 15.” All right, but that’s the discrepancy… ’cause when you talk about a little girl like Elizabeth Smart… then the country feels like 15 is so young and so innocent. On the flip side, here comes 15 again. Now we’re talking about a ", "15-year-old black kid in Florida", ". This black kid accidentally killed his neighbor… when he was practicing wrestling moves that he saw on TV. Now, was he a kid? No. They gave him life. They always try our 15-year-olds as adults. ”This nigger knew what he was doing. ”He’s a goddamn pile driver. ”This kid gets on the ropes, there’s no stopping him. ”We’d have to send The Rock to arrest him.” And they gave a 15-year-old boy… life in jail. If you think that it’s okay to give him life in jail… it should be legal to pee on him. That’s all I’m saying. You gotta make up your mind across the board… how old 15 actually is. That’s all I’m saying. I’m gonna tell you right now… if somebody comes in here, puts a gun to my head and says: ”Chappelle, you got a choice to make. ”You’re either going to jail for a month or we’ll let you go… ”but you gotta let R. Kelly pee on you.” I’m not hesitating. ”Bring in R. Kelly and tell him to stay away from my eyes.” I’d rather get pissed on on the outside than fucked in the butt on the inside. I can’t go to jail with some smooth Botox balls… and think everything’s gonna be all right. It’s not that kind of place. Take my chances with that piss. Piss will wash off with a 10-minute shower. I’m certain of it. ”This piss is coming right out. ”What could I do? They were gonna put me in jail.”", "Society is changing rapidly. You can’t smoke indoors. Society is changing rapidly. ", "You can’t smoke indoors", ". What the fuck is that all about? I got kicked out of a titty bar for smoking. No, that shit was ridiculous. The stripper did it. The stripper came up like: ”Your smoking is a health risk for me. I don’t wanna work in this environment.” Bitch, you had your gonorrhea-infested pussy in my face. You started it. And they threw me out. It’s the dirtiest place I’ve ever been thrown out of. And just to give you an idea of what I mean by dirty…. Lap dances at this place: $3. It’s fucking disgusting. And at the same time, who could pass up a sale, son? It was $3! Of course I did it. It’s only 12 quarters. Said, ”I’ll break a five for that.” I’ve never seen somebody work this hard for $3. This lady must’ve been a throwback to the Great Depression. She was all over me. It’s the first time I ever told a stripper to get off me. ”All right. Yeah, thank you very much, miss. Thank you. ”That’ll be all. ”That’s enough, thanks. Hey, get off of me! ”Whatever happened to lipstick on the collar, lady? ”I have a shit streak on the middle of my shirt. ”How the fuck am I gonna explain this when I get home?” ”Oh, no, baby, me and Bob were playing basketball… ”and Bob dunked on me. He was hanging on the rim… ”and his pants fell down. ”I was checking up close and he was swinging… ”and his butt cheeks might’ve…. His butt cheeks, I think, caught my shirt. ”Why I was playing ball in my dress shirt? ”I don’t know. It was midnight. What the fuck? ”Just let me think.” That’s a guy lying, when he says shit like that. ”Hold on, just let me think.” Your man ever said that to you? ”Hold on, just let me think. Can I think?”", "You guys have made", " too much progress too fast", ". Not too much, but you’re just confused. You made so much progress… you even confused. Men and women, both like, ”What just happened?” Women got all this money now but they’re still like women. ”Oh, you never take me anywhere anymore.” You’d be thinking, ”Bitch, you got more money than me… ”you never take me anywhere anymore.” At the same time, you don’t treat a man like a man. You don’t cook, you don’t clean, and you don’t do anything a motherfucker says. You tell him what to do. Women do this to men all the time. ”Come on!” No man wants that shit. I don’t want anybody to tell me what to do that much. You gotta work with me. Like if it makes a man feel like a man… to watch the game, let him sit down and watch the game for a minute. If he happens to look over at you while watching the game… don’t look at him all mean and make him feel guilty about watching it. Pick up your own titty and suck it. Just try it out. He will instantly remember why he fell in love. ”Oh, that’s right… ”I forgot my girl sucks her own titties from time to time. ”I can’t walk away from that. ”It’s too hard to find.” See? That took 20 seconds. You can be just as busy as you want… suck your own titty and everything’s cool. Or how about this? If you’re making love to your man, might as well spice it up, right? How about this? I personally like it. I like it when a girl tells me where to come. Don’t like it when she tells me when to come. I hate it. ”Don’t come yet.” Oh, bitch, all these rules! Instead of doing that, why don’t you just tell us where? It would make us feel better. Especially if you’re aggressive about it. I like it when a girl gets wild with me. ”Come in my face!” Stick your chin out like a boxer. ”Bring it on, motherfucker. ”You’re a bum.” But it doesn’t have to be that wild or explicit. All a man wants to know is you’re interested and will participate. You can say anything, he’ll be happy. ”Come on top of the television.” All right, fine. The weirder the place, the better. ”Come in my fishbowl.” Damn, fishbowl. ”Oh, shit, they’re eating it all.” Fish love it when I come over. ”It’s that guy. We’re having chicken tonight.”", "You guys, man, thanks. This has been the best year of my career. By far. I appreciate you guys watching me. ‘Cause ", "I do it for my kids", ", really. And my kids are off the hook. You think I’m a bad motherfucker, wait till you see the 2000 model Chappelle. This nigger is off the hook. My sons are bad. My oldest son is three. This kid made me a necklace out of macaroni. I said, ”This shit is baller.” He painted the macaroni green and put it on a string. He tied it on my neck and he told me he was proud of me and I got choked up. And he thought I was sad. That’s how smart he was. He says, ”Are you sad, Daddy?” And I said, ”No, I’m not sad. ”You’re too young to understand this, son, but this is fucking crazy. ”You used to live in my balls, man. ”Now you’re making jewelry out of macaroni. You’re a bad motherfucker.” Long live Chappelles.", "Oh, shit. Thanks, guys. Thank you. That’s what it’s all about. Everybody usually wants to be famous… so they can rock nice jewelry and all that shit. I already got a macaroni necklace. I got valuable shit. I’m not in it for that. The only kind of shit I wanna do with fame that’s decadent… is I wanna go to Vegas to the $5,000 blackjack table. And I don’t even wanna play. I wanna be such a big star that I can go up to one of the players in a tight hand… and ", "put my dick on his shoulder", ". And I’m such a celebrity, they think it’s funny. ”Hey, what the fuck? ”Oh, shit, Dave Chappelle! ”Wow.” He gets on his cell phone: ”You are not gonna believe whose dick is on my shoulder right now. ”And this guy’s balls are as smooth as eggs. ”He’s had some work done.” Couldn’t thank you enough. God bless you all, man. Keep watching. I’m gonna try to make it interesting. Stay safe."], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/05/19/dave-chappelle-worth-2004-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "EDDIE MURPHY: DELIRIOUS (1983) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "April 11th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["EDDIE MURPHY", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Filmed on August 17, 1983 at DAR Constitution Hall in Washington D.C.", "Ladies and gentlemen! Eddie Murphy! Thank you. Thank you so much. Two times, far two times. Before I even get started how about a big round of applause for the Bus Boys. There’s some rules, I got some rules when I show down and I do my standup, I got rules and shit. ", "Faggots", " aren’t allowed to look at my ass while I’m on stage! That’s why I keep moving while I’m up here. You don’t know where the faggot section is, you gotta keep movin’. So if they do see it, quick, you switch, they don’t get no long stares at your shit… …so that their imagination is flowing about my… I know when you’re looking, ‘cos my ass starts to get hot. I’m afraid of gay people. Petrified. I have nightmares about gay people. I have this nightmare that I go to Hollywood and find out that Mr. T is a faggot. Really, and he’d be walking up to people going: “Hey, boy ! Hey, boy !” “You look mighty cute in them jeans!” “Now come on over here, and fuck me up the ass !” “I’m gonna bend over now!” “Hey, boy, slow down ! You’re gonna miss the round, and come too fast!” “You make me get get mad I clench up my buttcheeks and rip your dick off!” You know who would be a funny faggot? Ralph Kramden and Ed Norton! Ralph Kramden leaning out the window and: “Norton! Come on down, I wanna show you somethin’!” “Ralphie-boy, whaddaya say there pal of mine ?” “You know Norton, I’ve been watching you. And I know you’ve been watching me. You watch me! I know!” “So, Ralph, what are you gettin’ at?” “Norton, my friend! How would you like to fuck me up the ass?” “I know you wanna fuck me, Norton!” “And you know that I know that you know that I know that you wanna fuck me!” “Now I’m gonna bend over, and when I do, start fuckin’!” “Here I go!” “Way to go there, Ralphie-boy!”", "\nI kid the homosexuals a lot, ‘cos they’re homosexuals. I fuck with everybody. I don’t give a fuck if they’re… Just like I’m… I don’t mean anything by it. You can hang out with a gay person. Them guys don’t feel, you know, alienated, like, gay people, ‘cos they’re gay. You can play tennis with a gay person. Really! Just after the game you say: “I’m gonna get a beer, what’s you gonna do?” “I think I’m gonna suck some guy’s dick.” “Well, I’ll see you later!” “You go suck that dick, I’m gonna have the beer.” Ladies are hip to it too. Ladies be hanging out with gay people. Ladies say: “Gay men are the best friends I have!” “‘cos they don’t want anything from you, you don’t want anything from them, you just hang out, you can be with them and get fun and just talk to them and all that bullshit, maybe hanging out with them.", "You know what’s really scary about it? That new ", "AIDS", " shit. AIDS is scary ‘cos it kills motherfuckers, AIDS! That ain’t like the good ol’ days when venereal disease was simple. In the good old days, you got gonorrhea, you dick hurt, go get a shot, cleared right up. Then they came out with herpes, you keep that shit forever like luggage. And now they got AIDS, that just kills motherfuckers. I say what’s next, I guess you just put your dick in it and explodes! And the girl would be on the bed: “Maybe I should see a doctor about it…” Kills people! It petrifies me ‘cos girls be hanging out with them. One night they could be in the club having fun with their gayfriend, give them a little kiss. And go home with AIDS on their lips! And then when her husband, like five years later. “AIDS?! But I’m not homosexual!” “Sure you’re not homosexual…”", "\nAll the diseases scare me ‘cos I’m like these… these are ", "fuck years", " for me, like I’m… I’m in my sexual prime, this, I fuck now! These are the years to fuck! This is when you do your best fucking. And you just start to learn your body and getting it on your shoulders on to fuck… Like 18 year olds, let me hear you all in the audience! See y’all don’t know how to fuck yet, see. You don’t. You get 22. You start movin’ all this shit. Makin’ faces, ever made them fuck faces its a cool motherfucking thing. You don’t do that when you’re 18. There’s just 1 expression ‘cos you be surprised you fuckin’. Plus you don’t have no dick control when you’re 18! Ever been sitting around when you was young man, just sitting in class, your dick gets hard for nothing? You be just sitting there and your dick’s here: “What’s going on out there?” That’s when the teacher say: “Mr Murphy, would you come over by the board?” “No, that’s allright. I’ll take the zero.” Really, no dick control at all. It’s even hard to find the pussy when you’re 18. Ever had that guys? You’d be searching for the pussy down there. And your dick be sliding down and shit, and the girl be going: “That’s not it…” “Is there any problem?” “No, ain’t no problem, baby.” “You got a shoe horn or some shit like that?” And this is the business to be in if you want some pussy. That’s why I got in show business, for pussy. I figured, if Jimmy Walker can fuck, I’m fucking everybody. And it’s like that too. When you do TV-shows, women would be throwing pussy at me on the street like frisbees. “Ed!” “Thank you! Appreciate that!” Too much pussy, pussy would be falling outta my pocket. Walking out the street, you say: “Oh, watch your step, that’s mine.” Being a comic though ain’t like being no singer. The singers get all the pussy. Like the Bus Boys: they fuck everybody. Bus Boys will fuck anything that moves. Come to my house the fish stop swimming. They don’t play. Singers gets pussy. ‘cos you don’t have to, even you don’t have to look good, you can sing and get pussy. Just be interesting. ‘cos this Sex Symbol is getting pussy and is ugly motherfucker. ‘cos all you have to do is sing, its somethin bout singing, that is the business, you sing, women go crazy. Cos, ", "Mick Jagger", " is an ugly motherfucker! With big ass lips! Mick Jagger’s lips are so big black people be going: “You got some big ass lips!” “These are big motherfucking lips!” But he’s singing! If you sing you’ll get over. Luther Vandross is a big Kentucky Fried Chicken eating motherfucker. But he put that shit up like…. And women go: Sing! ‘cos all you got to do is sing. ", "Michael Jackson", ", who can sing, and is a good looking guy. But ain’t the most masculine fellow in the world. That’s Michael’s hook, his sensitivity! That’s when women be sayin’: “Michael’s just so sensitive…” And they eat that shit up. Mike knows. He be using women. I’ve seen Mike walk up to a girl and they’d be in the audience and say: “Is it allright if I come down there to sing to you…” And women go: “Whaaaaa!” Then, if you don’t scream, Michael gets really sensitive and cries on your ass. Ever hear that record “She’s out of my life”? “Tito, give me some tissues.” “Jermaine, stop teasing.” You just sing! I like dudes with masculine voices, you know, like Teddy Pendergrass. Teddy just comes out, takes the lyrics and: And scare the bitches that are liking him. That motherfucker’s crazy, throw your panties on the stage. That’s whats happening. I like Elvis Presley! Really I give credit where credit is due. When Elvis was young, he was a bad motherfucker. He was vicious. Sing his ass off. He sang so good, they let him do movies, he couldn’t act. They said: “Fuck it! Let him sing all his dialogues!” “Elvis, we got to win this race!” “We got to win this race….” “Elvis, want some lemonade?” “Lemonade, that cool, refreshing drink…” Let him sing ’till he was older too, Elvis was 42 years old. He would come out, his stomach was all fat and shit …and his butt be sticking out and shit… looking like he had to shit, out walking on the stage like this… “Excuse me.” Sing! That’s the key to it. You don’t even have to be able to talk. Just sing and get famous. ", "James Brown", "‘s been singing for 20 years. I don’t know what the fuck James is talkin’ about! I don’t understand shit James says! I met him once at ", "Saturday Night Live", ", walked up to him and said “James, I luv your stuff”. And whatever James is saying is some really heavy shit to James. ‘cos at the end of every sentence he ended up with: He meant that shit that he just said! And you getting mad you start putting the needle back “What the fuck did I just miss?” That’s a James Brown lyric. He wrote that shit! He’s writing a song and: “I need a word in here: Heaay!” “That’s good!” Band be going: “What the fuck is James talking about?” I don’t know but we’re getting paid, keep singing. And people take singers. There’s something about singers that people just love and shit. ‘Cos I… I did ", "Stevie Wonder", " on a show once. And black people lost their motherfucking minds! I have brothers rawling up on me going: “Hey! You the motherfucker that’d been doing Stevie Wonder?” “That shit ain’t funny, motherfucker!” “Don’t you never let me see you do that shit again ! I’ll fuck you up!” “Stevie Wonder is a musical genius!” That’s terrible! That’s terrible, man! Your mother brought you up wrong. I got mad, I was hanging out with Stevie two months ago, I said: “Look, Steve, I get 2 months flack over this impression.” “I don’t like doin’, I ain’t doing this shit no more.” Stevie says: “Well I feel that…” “Shut the fuck up!” ‘Cos you gotta cut Steve off quick, ‘cos if he starts rolling he talks your ears off. You ever seen Steve win a Grammy and come up to give one of those long ass acceptance speeches? “And the winner is Stevie Wonder!” ‘…God’s chosen and…” “Just take the motherfuckin award and get the fuck out!” ‘cos if you don’t say that the credits will be rolling and Stevie going: “And I’d like to thank…” I’ve been in the car and said: “Just shut the fuck up, Steve!” I’m telling you, genius and all that shit, but you’re my boy, man, we hang and, I mean, like, it’s nice and shit but I don’t appreciate all the flack. And personally, the piano and the singing, I told you how I feel about singing… “…I ain’t impressed.” “You wanna impress me? Take the wheel for a little while, motherfucker!” “I heard that shit, man!” “That shit wasn’t funny!” Then I suppose in your little sketch Stevie crashed in a tree, right? “Ha-ha, very funny, motherfucker!” “Your mother got a wooden leg with a kick stand, motherfucker!” “Your mother got a mouth in the back of her neck and the bitch chews like this!” “Motherfucker Stevie Wonder jokes and shit!” It’s hot as fuck in here! “Take it off!” No, I can’t take it off. Maybe ladies would run up the place holding their pussies going: “Aaaah !” What’s going on over there ? Ladies run down the street and… can’t do that.", "Do we have the ", "icecream", " man around here? Remember when the icecream man used to come to town when you was little ? And no matter what you was doing you would stop and lose your fucking mind! There’s something about the icecream truck that makes kids lose it. And they can hear that shit from ten blocks away. They don’t hear their mothers calling but they hear that motherfucking icecream truck. And no matter what was was going on, the iceman came, it stopped. You be gettin’ some marbles and shit: “Icecream! Icecream! The icecream man is coming! The icecream man is coming!” “Mom! Mom!” “Throw down some money!” “The icecream man is coming!” Then your mother come to the window and be throwing change and say: and bring back my change. Catch all that shit and run down the street, top speed. Chasing icecream truck and: “Icecream!” Icecream man always drove extra blocks away. And I know he’s seen us and shit, but I think he just be in the car with his friends and say: “Watch me how fast I make these motherfuckers run” You’d be behind him doing 50 and going: “Icecream!” “Thank you, icecream man! Thank you!” I’d get my icecream and I didn’t eat it just sing for a little while. You know how kids are. “I have some icecream, I have some icecream, and I’m gonna eat it all, I’m gonna eat it all…” The icecream be running down your arm and shit “You don’t have no icecream! You didn’t get none! You didn’t get none! “‘cos you are under wellfare, you can’t afford it.” Other kids would join in: “You can’t afford it, and his father is an alcoholic!” “You dropped your icecream, you dropped your icecream…” Eat it. I could drop my icecream in a pile of shit and eat it. I would be like “It’s just sprinkles” Unless your mother catch you doin’ that nasty shit, though. My mother caught me doing that, she made me put it down in 1 sentence: And you dropped that shit, quick. Anybody got them ", "mothers that would hit you with a shoe", "? I had a mother, that was so ashoed she would do at the drop of a dime. And fuck you up, wherever she was aiming. And bad with the shoe, carry that shit like a gun, my mother was like Clint Eastwood with the shoe. And you fucked up, my mom was walking the room just like: “Why did you eat your icecream off the floor?” “I didn’t, I just…” Bad! Accurate! You’d be in a supermarket and shit and be grabbing cereals off the counter going: “Mom, can we get this?” ” I guess not!” And could be doing three different things, be on the phone with my grandmother, be cooking with this hand have the phone like this and be sayin’ “Yeah, mama, hold on a second.” Fuck you up and God forbid, my mother be dressed up and had them high heels on. Them pumps, ‘cos then she gets boomerang action going on your ass ! And fuck you up in your room, you won’t even know what the fuck happened. They can hear you when you’re getting ready to walk out the door. And hear you on the bunk beds fucking around. They got that mother hearing. “Wait a minute, baby.” “Let’s go.” She was the one who did all the disciplining around the house and shit. Very, very strict house I came from. And I remember when I first went to my first contact with a white family, it freaked me out. And I was there, I found some white kids can curse around the house! That fucked me up! Coz I couldn’t even say “dagg” around my house, my momma said “sounds too much like damn.” I got in trouble for saying shit the wrong way. I was in the house with Tom Kildez. His mother said “Tom you’re a little late. He said “Come on mom I’m moving as fast as I can shit.” And I was standing like this: And if I tried to pull some shit like that in my house? “Ed, you’re a little late!” “Oh, come on, pop, shit, what is this! Come on, damn!” My pop just go: “That motherfucker’s crazy!” Remember in ", "the old days when you could beat up a woman", "? Remember that shit back in the 20’s, the guys just smacked their wives in the movies… And they just go: You can’t do shit like that no more. Women be takin’ aerobics, and they’ll fuck you up now! It’s scary too, man! Especially a black woman. You hit a black woman she lose her mind! Seriously. They go crazy, you can have a really timid sister for a girl, and smack it be like: “I’m gonna kill you, motherfucker! You don’t hit me like that! You don’t hit me shit! “You don’t put your hands on my face! “Baby, please, stop! Baby, please… stop! Baby, hold on, stop, please!” “Calm down, baby, calm down!” “You don’t hit me, motherfucker!” “So get the fuck out!” Throw you out your own house, you be so scared you get the fuck out too. That’s some shit. You know you’re scared when a woman says get the fuck out your own house and you leave. I had a girlfriend once, I smacked her and got all cool and shit. And then she got cool and scared me more and I just left. “I didn’t want to do that shit, baby! But you brought that shit on yourself” “Don’t make me have to do it again.” She said: “No, no I did bring it on myself.” “Why don’t you just go to sleep!” Got the fuck out. People are changing. Men are changing too, this shit the guys do now you couldn’t do what they did 30 years ago. In the old days, you had an argument with your girl in the car, she say: “Let me out of here!” Men would say: “No, no, we can’t have any of that.” And nowadays a woman say that shit, dude: “Get the fuck out!”", "Somebody broke wind in here! I’ve been trying like not say nothing but ", "someone farted", " in this motherfucker. That’s some long-distance fart too, boy. I know you get down with your friends have a good time. Especially fellas..ya know they play that game, they play the fart game you know. You know you fart around your fellas and its funny. Dudes be doing that they be gettin’ in elevators farting and laughing and shit. It’s nasty ! You play the fart game. I think deep down inside people wanna smell other people’s farts. ‘Cos you smell them. And people always tell you they farted. They say: “I farted.” You don’t leave, you pause a second. “Yeah, you did!” ‘cos in the back of your mind you wanna grade the fart. ‘cos if it smells bad enough, two years later you be going: “Remember that fart you made, two years ago?” The fart game you play. Starts off around the house when you’re little. Your father introduces you to it. You’d be sitting in the house on a Saturday morning, watching cartoons and your father make a fart and: “That wasn’t me, that was your mother.” “Oh, baby, baby! I want a divorce, uh ! You’re rotten, baby, shit!” And you join in, grab your little brother, sit on his head and fart. You ever do that? That’s a fun game, you little brother freak out and go: “Waaah” And your father goes: “It’s the fart game, you’ll play one day son.” The fart game, you get your best friend in on that shit too. You can walk up to your best friend while he’s watching a football game and fart in his face. He won’t even get mad. He just go: “Ok, you got me.” “That was a good one, too! My mouth was open. My mouth was open on that!” I got a scar, over my eye till this day from playing the fart game in the bathtub. Me and my big brother used to play it. We were poor, we didn’t have mr. bubble, we played the fart game. “I think it’s smelly!” “I’m G.I Joe, I’m swimming on the water…” And my big brother was sitting in the other end of the tub, and made shit in the tub. He wanted to add some excitement to the game. He said: “And then a big brown shark came.” I jumped up and said: “Aaaaah.” Cut my eye on the soap dish, blood gushing out and shit. Screaming, my mother ran in the bathroom. Seeing my big brother sittin’ in the bathroom with a piece of shit in his hand. I was layin’ at the bottom of the water with blood gushing outta my eye… And G.I. Joe up my ass… My mother: “What the fuck is going on over here?”", "Can I hold somebody’s camera. Anybody bring a camera? Does its flash go immediately? Like I don’t have to be waiting like my aunt and shit “Wait a second now!” They try to press it and the shit don’t work they be going like: “There’s something wrong with it…” And it go immediately the flash. Are you sure? I’ll take a picture of the crowd, for myself. OK, y’all come over here on this now? You know? I’ll take two of them. This ain’t no instamatic motherfucker! I got to wait for the flash and shit! See you got me waiting I should break your shit. See the brothers sitting in the back go: “All this money and he taking motherfucking pictures!” “I want my picture took, I’d steal a car motherfucker!” “Hey, man, I said one fuckin’ picture!” “You’re going to ruin my fucking film, man. Come on, shit!” “Who the fuck do you think you are, man!” I’ll see you explain the last one to the guy at the Photomat. “That’s a picture of Eddie Murphy’s dick…” You know what would be a good picture? Can all the brothers stand up ? All the brothers in the audience? Straight up! Everybody up! Straight up! I’m serious! What the fuck are you doing? Will you, motherfucker stand up? Up! And all the ladies get the cameras up. We’re gonna set the record straight here. When I say go… …everybody whip out their ", "dick", " and go: “Wuuuhaaa” Look how fast the white dudes sat down. Some of them still standing. Y’all must be Italian! We got some shit on us. We got all this shit! We got some dicks hanging down! Dicks down to this motherfucker! You don’t believe it. White people don’t believe it. What’s funny about it, white people are the ones that made up the rumor. “You know, black people have tremendous dicks, but I don’t believe it!” You know remains of the first dick was found in Africa? Big ass piece of bone dick on the floor. “What is this shit ?” “It’s an old dried up dick.” “That means the first dick belonged to a black man.” Dicks. We got the shit for it. We got nice asses, too. We got our shit on. You see a white dude would be in this suit like this. “All right, man! All right, maaan!” I got a friend, Doug, there go Doug, my friend, Doug’s ass is way up here on his back. Ain’t it, Doug? Doug be getting shit stains on his collar. And in restaurants be reaching for his wallet: “Lemme get my wallet” Coz we got our shit hooked, all this is hooked up with black people. Chinese people are fucked all around, coz they got little dicks and little asses. They do and its fucked up the way they walk. They be walking all light coz they ain’t got no shit pulling them down. Now, a brother’s dick is too big it fucks up his balance so he’d have to do all this shit… Everytime you see a brother in a wheel chair he ain’t always cripple. He’s got big shit hanging down! That’s why all the brothers model they drawers in the newspapers. Think ’bout it. I’ve been seeing newspapers every sunday morning. A white dude in his drawers… Never have no balls in they drawers. Smiling and shit. If I had no balls I wouldn’t be smiling this shit. “I don’t have any dick!” Brother be standing there… if a brother models his drawers they need an extra fold in the page. They’re selling underwear but this niggers dick is in my coffee. “Want me stir it for you?” That’s some true shit.", "What’s today’s date? Don’t go to ", "cook-outs", ". I hate cook-outs man. Stay away from cook-outs, if you’re like me stay away. I don’t like my family come by the house, with the relatives I ain’t seen since the last cook-out. You got certain relatives you just see at the cook-out. And they get on your fuckin’ nerves every year. My uncle Gus come by the house every year. My uncle Gus is the uncle that likes to work the grill. And don’t let nobody touch the grill when he’s around and shit. As as soon as he walks in the house its like: “Get away from that grill you dunna know how to start a fire” “You dunna start no fire, put this fire out. This ain’t no fire goddamnit.” “Eddie. Eddie go over there get all of that wood I need half a tree. Chop that tree.” “Chop down that tree and give me the wood.” “And Charlie go get me 2 gallons of gasoline out the shed.” “Two gallons of gasoline, you kids roll up your shirt we’re gonna start a fire.” “Come on, you wanna eat? You wanna eat?.” “Then shut up and put it on the fire.” “O.k. put that wood on the side there.” “O.k. gimme the gasoline Charlie.” “Hold the match, when I tell you throw the match on the gasoline all right?” “When I tell you right? We gonna make a fire. We gonna eat. “Here we go pour the gasoline on like this.” “We need the hole 2…get that goddamn lighter fluid out of here we can’t use that shit.” “Using all the 2 gallons gasoline on this wood.” “And make a fire, we’re gonna eat a hamburger o.k.?” “Here we go, Charlie throw the match.” “NOW THAT”S A FIRE!” “That’s a fire, look at that, look at that.” “He be alright, roll Charlie ’round, roll him around.”", "And uncle Gus is married to my ", "aunt Bunny", ". My aunt Bunny got a moustache and shit! You know one of them lady moustaches? It was really cool, back when she was 20. Ladies had them little thin ones and shit. Then when they get about 45 like aunt Bunny they be havin’ a Billy Dee Williams’ look. The shit is bigger than a man’s and shit ! Aunt Bunny weight like 300 pounds. Like 250, real heavy lady and shit. And the kids were scared of her. You got that kid logic going. I remember my aunt Bunny come by the house. It was like. I was petrified coz she always wanted to kiss me and touch me and some shit. Soon as she walked on the door was like: “Come here and give aunt Bunny a kiss, baby.” Then you go: “Waaaaa!” And my mom would say: “Why don’t you go and kiss your aunt Bunny ?” Kids don’t give a fuck, they go: “She’s got a moustache!” Why do kids move so slow when they be crying? “Stop making all that noise!” “I said shut up!” You be mad coz your mother hit you. You be standing there wishing hateful shit on your mother. “God please kill her !” “I hope she gets hit by a truck and die!” “I hate her! I hate her! I hate her! I hate her!” Shut up or I’ll come and give you something to cry about.", "Than ", "my pop", " starts talking. And my pop is fucked up every 4th of July!” Black men like to claim the house when they’re drunk. Men period I think, like to claim their house. They want you to know that if you drunk and they’re drunk. And you in their house, that it’s their house. My father standing in the middle of the cook-out saying: “It’s my house!” “You know that it is? And if you don’t like it, you get the fuck out!” “I don’t give a fuck!” “I don’t give a… I pay the motherfucker bills in this motherfucker!” “And, hey… Kiss my ass if you don’t like it!” “Yes! Yes, motherfucker, yes!” ‘cos you know what it is? I’m drunk. So what? Beautiful! I’m drunk. I’m drunk! So what? I’m drunk. “You know what? I got drunk in my motherfucking kitchen, I was drinking out of my glass in my motherfucker house.” “So, fuck it!” Then he attacks the whole family, like: “Gus! Gus, can I ask you a question?” “Why is the fire so big?” “Why you made the fire so big? Look at this shit! Is a motherfucker ridiculous, Gus!” “The fire is too motherfucker big! Why? You’re coming in every motherfuckin’ year, Gus…” “…and you burn out my motherfucker backyard! Why?” “I’m cooking motherfucker hamburgers this big?” “I’m not cookin’ no motherfucking brontosaurus burgers in this motherfucker!” “This ain’t the motherfucking Flintstones, Gus! It’s my house, motherfucker!” “Look at Charlie standing over there with 3rd degree burns on em.” “It doesn’t make sense no. But you take things too far Gus.” “I tell you go an inch, you go 3 inches. Tell you go 4 inches you go 5.” “Give a nigga rope gonna be a cowboy Gus.” “Why don’t you listen.", "Eddie, get that motherfucking ", "dog", " away from my plate.” “I’m gonna shoot this dog.” “I’m gonna shoot this mother… shut up. I’m gonna shoot it. Stop crying.” “Stop crying Eddie, cuz you can get the fuck out.” “You’re gettin’ the fuck… I know you’re seven!” “But you’ll be a seven year old walkin’ the dog no house motherfucker!” “I hate this motherfucking dog.” “You don’t spend time with the dog Eddie.” “You don’t feed the motherfucker.” “You don’t pet it. You don’t even know what the fuck the dogs name is anymore do you” “The dog don’t give a fuck he don’t know his name. The dog is 3 yrs old don’t know his name.” “Watch this: Coco ! Where the fuck is it goin’? The dog’s stupid!’cos you don’t spend time with the motherfucker.” I’m supposed to work hard all day and come home to feed the motherfucking dog? Fuck no, I’m not feeding the motherfucker!” “You know Eddie, when nobody’s home.” “When nobody’s home you know what I do?” “I walk to the dog and I kick the motherfucker!” “I kick the motherfucker with everything I got, Eddie! And then I giggle my motherfucking ass off.” “‘cos I hate the motherfucker ! ‘cos you don’t clean up behind it! “This ain’t Scooby-Doo motherfucker!” “Why can’t you clean the dog.” “The dog shits all over the house. If noone tells you Eddie you dont clean the shit.” “You let the shit stay forever.” “Shit been in the den for 6 months Eddie.” It’s been in the den for 6 months, you kids go pass it you act like you don’t see it. “And unless you’re told you won’t clean the shit.” “The shit is hard as a rock now! It’s like motherfuckin furniture in there!” “I went in there last week to watch the fight, and said fuck it I put my drink on top of it Eddie” “It’s a coffee table now! Why can’t you clean up shit?” “My friends come over and they oh that’s lovely. It’s not lovely it’s a piece of shit.” “‘Cos my children don’t listen !” Then my aunt Bunny would fall down the steps. Almost every year. Ever had a heavy set aunt fall down the steps? Make a whole lotta fucking noise! It’s scary, too, ‘cos they’ll be calling Jesus on the way down! And aunts don’t like to fall straight down the steps like a kid, They be trying to break the fall and hold it and stop the shit. And that’s what makes the fall take a half hour then. Real loud, like: “Lord, Jesus Christ, help my lord, please, Jesus, please!” “Jesus, God, help, my lord, Jesus, help me I’m falling down the steps oh lord Jesus Christ please!” “My shoe!” “Oh lord Jesus God help us!” “I’m half way down now help my lord Jesus !” “Lilian!” “What is all that fuckin’ noise?!” “Lilian! The bitch is falling down the steps again !” “Lilian ! Lilian !” “What’s wrong, Bunny ?” “I fell down the steps !” “Bunny fell down the steps ! Bunny fell down the steps !” Eddie, go get your aunt Bunny something cool for her head !” “What happened ?” “Bunny fell down the steps !” “Hey, Charlie ! Aunt Bunny fell down the steps !” “Gus ! What the fuck is wrong with your wife ?” “Why can’t she walk the fryer steps? You come up every fuckin’ year, Gus…” “… and you burn down my motherfucker backyard and your wife rips down the steps !” “Why ? I work hard to get my place beautiful…” “…and then the motherfucker come over and rips the steps down !” “Look at the motherfucker steps ! They’re fucked up, Gus !” “Why can’t she walk the steps ? You know why she can’t walk the steps ?” “‘cos she’s a fat hairy bitch ! That’s why !” “That’s why, Gus ! And my children are afraid of your wife.” “Eddie’s afraid of her ! He has nightmares about your wife !” I went to his room last week, Gus, he was in the bed screaming, Oh, help me, help me !” “I just walk up to him, shake him, ask: What’s wrong ? He said: Aunt Bunny is coming to get me !” “He’s afraid of your wife, ‘cos she has a bigger moustache than his father !” But you know what it is, Gus ! I figured out about your wife. And I’m gonna say it.. I figured out about your wife. I know where you met your wife. You told me you met your wife 15 years ago on a motherfucking camping trip… “…and that your wife was portorican. Your wife ain’t no motherfucker portorican !” “I thought she wasn’t from the first minute ‘cos I walked up to her I said: “Hi, my name is Vernon.” And she said: “Hello, I’m Bunny. Guni gugu !” “What the fuck does guni gugu mean, Gus ?” “I don’t know what the fuck that shit is as to this day. I thought I learned some new spanish shit !” I went up to my friend: “Hey, Sanchez ! Guni gugu ! And Sanchez says: “Get the fuck outta here !” I’ve been walking around for years confused. And I finally figured out about your wife, where you met your wife. “You didn’t meet your motherfucker wife on no camping trip !” “Your wife is a Bigfoot, isn’t she, Gus ?” “Your wife is a Bigfoot, isn’t she, that’s why the bitch’s mustache is so motherfucker thick !” “‘Cos you shaved the bitch down and taught it to speak !” “I know a motherfuckin’ Bigfoot when I see one !” “You bring a Bigfoot in my home, Gus ? On my children ?” The bitch can’t talk, she can’t walk the fryer steps ! She’s not trained well, Gus !” She can not walk steps. I bet she climb the fuck out a tree though, don’t she, Gus ?” “Doesn’t she ? Doesn’t she ?” “But you had to bring her out here !” Fuck her ! And your motherfucker children? They’re Bigfeet too ! They’re half Bigfoot, Gus. “Cos the m.f. is 6 yrs old and have afros 17 inches long.” “They’re little hairy m.f. just like their mother.” Look at the motherfuckers, you know how I found out they was bigfoot? When I took your kids fishing last week. I put the motherfuckers in the boat Gus. And I took the worm and I put it on the hooks. And they both sat there, and put the poles down in the boat. And slammed their face in the water, for 2 mins. And I think what the fuck are these kids doin. Then they start movin their heads like this and the motherfuckers come up with fish. I jumped back and said can you believe this motherfuckin shit. Then kid took the fish out of his mouth, looked at his brother and said: “Guni gugu !” “I said, what the fuck is going on here ?” “Normal kids don’t do shit like that, Gus ! But I’ll tell you somethin’ motherfucker !” You can take your motherfucker hairy fat ass white mustache bitch out the fuck. “you can go upstairs and get the motherfuckin’ dog and scoop up the shit…” “and take Eddie and get these motherfucker long Angela Davis afro-ware motherfucker kids of yours… “…and put them in the motherfucker guni gugu-mobile and get the fuck out !” “And if my wife don’t like it she can get the fuck out too !” “You missed me, bitch !” Thank you !", "Oh, Jesus. Oh, shit… I’m in Washington D.C. ! Jesus ! Christ ! This is where Reagan lives. Not far from here. Hey Ron everyone’s booing and I ain’t said shit. Well, tell us something we don’t know, motherfucker ! It ain’t like people sit around going “Really does it suck?” Shit’s changing though, we got black politicians now. Who’s that boy… Harold Washington? Harold Washington said: “Fuck it!” And won. I know he’s still sitting around going: “I really won the motherfucker?” And Jesse Jackson seen that shit and said: “Fuck it, imma run too, fuck it” “Jesse you can win” i see these brothers going. “You can win Jesse, coz you’re bigger than motherfucking Harold Washington.” “Fuck Harold Washington.” “Fuck him man, run for president.” And Jesse going: “Yeah, fuck that shit.” I’ve seen Jesse in the gym, working the fuck out, too, for getting into shape. You know he got a chance he can win. White dudes like to do shit like that… …vote for the wrong dude as a goof. They get drunk and shit and go like: “Let’s vote for Jesse Jackson!” “I just voted for Jesse Jackson!” And next day would be like this: “He fuckin’ won?” Jesse knows that shit can happen. He gets in shape. I’ve seen him running round the track and shit. I said: “Why the fuck you getting in shape like this?” He says: “”cos I’m gonna be the first black president.” “I have to give speeches like this: My fellow Americans! As your president I feel And dude be going: “He won’t stand still!” I ain’t hooked up into all that racism shit. My motto is, life just be happy with the motherfuckers. I ain’t into all that racism shit. Racism ain’t as bad as it used to be anyway man.. I mean its fucked up but, They don’t call niggers, niggers no more and shit. White people don’t say it. Especially when there’s niggas around. So I guess I wouldn’t know it. I went to Texas to look into racism, about two months ago. I had a show down in Texas, got off the plane and shit, walked up looking for racism. My friends always told me: “You better not go to Texas! They’ll fuck you up!” And when a modern day brother here that shit “What! They ain’t fucking nobody up!” Brothers act like they couldn’t have been slaves back 200 years ago. Its like motherfuckers liked that shit. “I wish I was a slave; I would fuck somebody up!” “Shit..tell me to bale some motherfucking cotton.” “I would have been on the street and shit.. “He would came up and say ey yo nigga bale this cotton?” “I’d say suck my dick master.” “Suck my motherfucking dick.” “That’s right I ain’t baling a motherfucker.” The first dude that got off the boat said that shit. “Bale that cotton.” “Fuck you, motherfucker!” Other motherfuckers say: “We bale the shit, just keep that shit away.” “Just keep that fuckin’ shit away from me.” I got of the motherfucking plane, walked up, Got up, walked up, my bag. All my black shit on, black leather, big ass medallion and shit on like this. Little white dude walk up and say: “This your bag?” I said: “Yes, my fuckin’ bag!” “Why, motherfucker? A black man can’t have a suitcase?” And the dude is like: “What the fuck’s wrong with this guy?” Wasn’t that bad at all. I’m winded. I’m out of breath. Sweating and shit. “Do take it off!” “Shut up, bitch!!” Y’all didn’t know I was a ventriloquist too. Shit ain’t as bad as it used to be. You know who get it real bad now? Chinese people. They are the ones who be getting fucked over bad. You be teasin’ them and shit. Ever go into a restaurant and order up some food. Chinese dude would be in there. and when he leave you do like this: Everybody makes fun of Chinese when they order some food up and shit. And they’re nice guys, be all courteous and shit. Your friends and shit be laughing. And he look out the back and say: “The food is coming right up.” He be in the back watching us: “Very funny. Very funny.” “Make a special Won-Ton soup for him…” I wonder if they have, like a McDonald’s in China? Chinese people would be walking and say: “Give me a Big Mac and a strawberry shake, a large order fry and a cherry pie.” And dude say: “Big Mac, strawberry shake, large order fry and a cherry pie, coming right up.” That’s a fucked up language too, Chinese. Hard to learn. I wanna learn to speak Spanish. That’s the shit. You know what I’d really want to speak? I’d like to learn how to speak french, ‘cos that’s some cool shit, french. You can say “I gotta shit” in french and it would sound good: Just sounds good. I don’t like that shit that Arabic. That the motherfuckers be speaking in the 7-11. That shit’s fucked for me. It sounds nasty and shit, would be getting like: That’s a word in Arabic: That means some shit to them! “Could I have a hamburger cheese roll?” “Never mind, man.” “I don’t want no hakana on my bread, motherfucker!” Spanish language. You know why I want to learn how to speak Spanish? Coz I was always a Ricky Ricardo buff. When he would get mad of Lucy and be saying: I’d say: “Go on Ricky curse the bitch out.” Ricky would lose his mind. Ricky was cool and shit. For the fifties Desi Arnaz, Ricky Ricardo was a cool motherfucker. He had his baggies on, pointed shoes, in the club Babaloo and shit. Remember that shit? You be sittin’ there like this: He had a cool ass laugh too, it was like: “It’s justa ridiculous!” “Hey, Fred ! How would you like to fuck me up the ass?” TV is all screwed… Any kids here? I mean, little kids. I don’t like you bringing those kids down here. How old are you, man? How old? 13? Oh, you’re gonna be fucked up when you leave. “Dad! What’s a dick, what is that?” How old is the other girl, over there? Oh, y’all fucked up now! Y’all thought I would be going like this: You didn’t know I’d be saying: “A dick this big!” The kid’s gonna be waking up and: “A negro’s dick’s coming to get me mom!” I’m gonna tell you all a joke you can tell in school, all right, ‘cos I’ve been telling this dirty stuff. Here’s a little joke… Y’all can listen to it too. I know lots of times people seen my show then go to work and try to tell and fuck my jokes up on the job and shit. “…and then he said guni gugu!” “And he had a G.I. Joe up his ass!” “Hey, I’m Mr. T, I’ll rip your cock off with my ass!” And dude be standing all: “Yeah, very funny shit, right…” Here’s a joke you can tell at school, when school starts. Everybody be quiet now. Are you listening guys? A bear and a rabbit are takin’ a shit in the woods. And the bear turns to the rabbit and says: “Excuse me, you have problems with shit sticking to your fur ?” And the rabbit says: “No.” So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit. I like that joke. Oh, shit!", "Anybody got ", "cable", "? I’ve been watching a lot of cable lately ‘cos I’m so mad with it. Only good TV show now is Star Trek. That’s some good shit! I like Captain Kirk, ‘cos Captain Kirk will fuck anybody! I’ve seen him beamed down on a planet- ever seen that when he’s fucked this dream bitch? You gotta be a horny motherfucker to fuck a dream bitch! I mean, I’m no racist, but if the bitch is green there’s something wrong with the pussy! He’ll be fucking a mutant and: Ship be gettin’ all fucked up. Mr Scott, I like him he made me laugh, he’s never cool and shit. He’s the opposite of Spock. The ship be all fucked up and Mr. Scott say: “Captain, my ship can’t take much more of this sir. She’s about to blow!” “Let Spock handle it.” And Spock say: “Mr Scott, why don’t you take the phasers and point them at the dylithium crystals and point them phasers at them and then use the power from the phasers to regenerate the dylithium crystals and we can get out on the impulse power.” “Mr Spock! It just might wax it!” “The shit worked last week, motherfucker!” I got fed up with TV and shit, coz I seen all the Star Treks. I start watching cable. I was watching Poltergeist last month. I got a question. Why don’t white people just leave the house when there’s a ghost in the house? Y’all stay in the house too fuckin’ long. Get the fuck out of the house! Very simple: If there’s a ghost in the house, get the fuck out! And not only did they stay in the house with the poltergeist, they invite more people over! Sitting around going: “Our daughter Carroll-Ann’s in the television set.” I would have been gone. If I had a daughter, went down to the precinct and say “Look man, I went home my fucking daughter’s in the t.v. set and I just fucking left.” You can have all this, I ain’t going back to the motherfucker. I just came down so when she ain’t at the school you don’t think I killed the bitch or anything like that. But she is inside the tv set you can have all that shit. Thank you. “Mr. Murphy didn’t you try to save your daughter?” Yeah, I’m a man, see I tried to save her I turned the channels the shit didn’t work. I got the fuck out. The kid was only 6 years old in the movie, they couldn’t have been to attached to her. In the ", "Amityville Horror", " the ghost told them to get out of the house. White people stayed in there. Now that’s a hint and a half for your ass. A ghost say get the fuck out, I would just tip the fuck out the door! Lou Walker looked in the toilet bowl, there was blood in the toilet. And said, “That’s peculiar.” I would’ve been in the house saying: “Oh baby this is beautiful.” “We got a chandelier hanging up here, kids outside playing. Its a beautiful neighbourhood.” “We ain’t got nuttin to worry, I really love it this is really nice.” “GET OUT!” “Too bad we can’t stay, baby!” You know, I wanna say something. I think maybe like 30 years ago there was a woman that wanted to sing, a black lady wanted to sing opera… What was her name? Mary Anderson? And this place was like segregated and she couldn’t sing here. And she couldn’t sing in the place. And here we are, like not even 50 years later, A 22 year old black male on stage getting paid to hold his dick. God bless America! I gotta go now. Y’all take it easy, bye bye !"], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/04/11/eddie-murphy-delirious-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "GABRIEL IGLESIAS: HOT AND FLUFFY (2007) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "November 7th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["Gabriel Iglesias", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["[Latino-style music] [audience cheering] (male announcer) Ladies and gentlemen! From Bakersfield, California, Gabriel lglesias. Thank you! Thank you! Wow! [high-pitched screech] [laughs] Oooh ! Oh , yeah , I have no pressure. [audience laughs] Thank you so much , Bakersfield . I can’t thank you guys enough for making this a completely sold-out house here– at the Fox Theater. [loud cheering] Yeah , well , a lot of people around say, Where are you gonna do your special? When you get to do your special , where you gonna do it? And a couple people say, Well , are you gonna do it in New York, in L.A.? And I said You know, L.A. , New York wasn’t where I got my start, in 1997, my first theater performance was right here on this very stage. [cheering and whistling] And I know some of you are looking at the background going , [high-pitched female] Okay, then if he’s showing Bakersfield love, how come he has a picture of Hawaii? [laughter] And just so you know, that’s not a picture of Hawaii , that’s a picture of the The Bluffs here in Bakersfield . [wild cheering and whistling]", "Woo! I love you guys, man. I have– I have way too many good memories here, man , some of them are kind of blurred because I was [birdlike noise]. You can’t hang out seriously here. You gotta be careful ’cause the ", "Police", " here in Bakersfield , they don’t mess around . They will stop you for anything, man . They got me outside, [siren] (male voice over bullhorn) What are you doing? Walking. But I noticed something though. If you can make a cop laugh, they will work with you. But you gotta really make ’em laugh. You can’t just make ’em go, Ahh. You gotta make ’em, you know, [screech chuckle] I made a cop laugh so hard one time, he almost peed on himself. I know this ’cause he told me. He was, like, [Southern accent] You don’t understand. I damn near pissed myself. [laughter] And here in Bakersfield , man , it’s no different, man . l love every part of this town . l even love Oildale. Oh , yeah . And for everybody watching at home, going , What the hell is Oildale? [chuckles] [imitates banjo] Yeehaw! But l still love it, guys, l still love it. But yeah , man , drinking here in town , you gotta be careful ’cause some people can handle alcohol . You know who you are. Some people can’t. And you have no clue. Guys especially. You know how it goes. We get loaded , we turn into one of three people. We’re either the l love you guy, l hate you guy, or the “mere” guy. You know that guy, right? Shh , hey! Mere. l know ’cause that’s me. Oh my God , l can’t handle alcohol . People, when they get drunk they say things they don’t mean . You know when l’m drunk you hear something like Woo! l’m going running . [laughter] You better cut me off. Aw, hell , yeah man . And when l drink, l only drink like regular alcohol . l don’t do beer. Beer just doesn’t–no. Beer makes me talk to my body. l don’t like that. When l get drunk on beer, l get weird . l’m , like– [breathes into mike] [low growl] What’s the matter? [laughter] [low growl] Hey! You said you could hang . [low growl] Don’t talk to me there! [brrr] You talkin’ shit too? [audience woos and cheers] That’s what l say. You just gotta be careful , you know. And if you’re gonna drink and you are thinking about driving , don’t do it. lt’s not a good idea ’cause like l say, You know when you’re drunk. You’re doing laps in the parking lot and you can’t find the exit. Hello? Some of you make it out to the streets, you know when you’re drunk, you’re like, [rrr rrr] Behind you you hear– [truck horn] [drunken slur] Shut up, stupid ! lf you hear the magical sound [siren] one of two things will pop into your head . Either, one: [drunken slur] l’m okay, l’m fine. l can beat this. Or, two: [siren] [drunken slur] l’m gonna go to jail . [laughter] l’m gonna go to jail ! l’m gonna go to jail ! l gotta let you go, babe. l gonna go to jail . Tell the kids l love them . Bye. [rrr] l’m gonna tell you right now, again , if you can make the Police laugh , you have a chance. lf you do get pulled over for drunk driving , pull over as slowly and as safely as you can . Get over to the– [rrr and screech] . Now, if you know for a fact that you are gonna go to jail , okay, you’re already–l’m gone. Have a little fun . [laughter] l don’t mean take off on a high speed pursuit. No, no, no, don’t do that. ‘Cause you’re not gonna get very far. l mean , if you’re drunk and you know you’re gonna go to jail , and you have tinted windows– have a little extra fun . Take off your seatbelt, jump over to the passenger side, throw your seatbelt back on and just wait for the cop. [laughter] You have no idea how bad you’re gonna throw his ass off, you guys. He’s gonna come over to the driver’s side with a flashlight– And you’re sitting there. . . [laughter] [drunken slur] He was here a second ago. l don’t know where he went. [laughter] Excuse me? What?? Me drive? Aw, hell no, l’m fucked up. [loud laughter] [cheering and whistling] That’s sad because l know some of you are gonna try it. [laughter] [childish voice] Let’s do what the fat guy said ! Do it! And for the record , l’m not fat. l’m Fluffy. [wild cheering] For those of you who still don’t know, there are five levels of fatness. Fluffy is one of the levels. There’s Big , Healthy, Husky, Fluffy, and [shouts] Damn ! I’m stiII number four. People go, How do you know when you’re number five? Well , ’cause people will tell you . lf you try to get on an elevator that’s crowded and people stop you and go, Uh-uh . Damn ! lf you go to Disneyland and little kids want to ride–you ! [laughter] [childish voice] l wanna get on that one. [deep growl] [child’s voice] Damn . Hey, l’m sorry, little kids are too honest, man . They’re like little alcoholics. l love Disneyland but they’re not fluffy-friendly. They’re not, man . They care about safety, you know, and that sucks, ’cause l could handle one bar. One bar, l’m cool . But now they got the whole–[clacking] lf you’re fluffy, one of those is not gonna lock. You’re trying– People are in line, You can do it! One time l took a trip with my buddy Mondo. A big guy, another big guy. And l went with him because his family, they decided to go and he didn’t want to be the only one hanging out by the strollers. [laughter] So we’re hanging out at the end of the day, my buddy Mondo goes, Dude, we should get on a ride! l go, Which one? We can’t get on none of them , dude, we’re too big . He goes, there’s a ride here at Disneyland that’s called Splash Mountain . l go, What is that? He goes, lt’s a log and you get inside the log and it goes uphill , it goes down , and makes a splash . No seatbelt, no pull-bar. You just get in and go. l go, No seatbelt? No pull-bar? [high-pitched laugh] [laughter] So we get in line for our ride, we’re all pumped up, and l see people getting off the ride with these little note cards. l go, What are those? He goes, oh , they take a photo of you when you go downhill . Oh , okay, cool . So we get to the front of the line, and then we have to deal with the lady with the headset, the lady who takes her job way too serious. [high-pitched female] Okay, how many people? Four? Okay. Two here, two here. How many, five? Okay, three there, two there. We get to the front, How many peo–? [laughter] Who cares? We get our own boat. We take off. [beeping] [hissing] [chugging] [splashing] We’re splishing and splashing like little kids– [high-pitched laughter] Three minutes go by, the moment of truth , we get to the hill . [splash] [chugging] [chugging stops] [hissing] [laughter] My buddy Mondo turns around , he says, Dude, let’s flash the camera. [loud laughter] l said , You’re stupid . l’m down . [loud laughter] So as soon as they let us go, right? [hissing] [long howl] [loud laughter] [howl] [splash] We get off the ride, we are soaking wet, [screeching laughter] [squish , squish] We’re all rosado right here. We got a mean old baby rash . [squish squish] We go to buy the picture, and there’s a lady behind the counter with her hand on the screen . [chuckles] And l ask my buddy Mondo, l said , Bro, what boat are we? He says, 22 . l go, She’s covering 22 ! He goes, Oh , we better sneak out of here. Ho, yeah , we’re gonna sneak out. [squish squish] We get past the picture girl but then we get stopped by Disney Security. And you have not lived until you been stopped by a freaking man wearing a badge in the shape of a mouse. This guy was like, [Southern male accent] HoId on! HoId on a second! Ma’am , move away your hand from the screen . You guys see what l see here? That’s a disgrace to this park! We can’t believe anyone could take such a photo. My question to you guys– Do you recognize the two big women in this picture? [laughter] And it wasn’t until we walked over to this photo that my buddy Armando and l realized something about ourselves. And that is that when two full-grown fluffy men are going downhill at a 45-degree angle, with no shirts on , going like this, [laughter] we both look like sexy bitches. [laughter] But again , if you’re gonna drink, just be careful, you guys. Some of you can handle, and some can’t– l got kicked out of a bar on Saint Patrick’s Day. l was performing at the bar. How do l get thrown out, right? l’m having fun , people are giving me free drinks. [high-pitched female] Here, have another drink. l’m , like, woo! l started pissing off the management and the owners of this l rish place that l was at. The bartender’s like, Hey, buddy, relax! Are you okay? Are you having a good time? l was so drunk l did this: [imitates l rish accent] l’m having a great time. People around me, Oh my God , are you l rish? l was, like, [imitates l rish accent] Aye! They’re, like, What part of l reland are you from? Uh , downtown . Are you here by yourself? Oh , no, l’m not here by myself. Donkey! [laughter] Now if you’re not laughing , you need to get out more often because that’s a funny joke. That’s hysterical . Ask a 1 0-year old , they’ll tell you , [childish voice] That’s funny! l did that joke one night at Memphis, Tennessee. And some guy thought he knew why it was funny. And he was way off but he confronted me outside, all drunk, [Southern accent] Hey, you ! Fluffy! l’m , like, What? Mere. No, you mere. And he walks over and he says, l have to tell you your show was hysterical . l done near wet myself when you said ‘Donkey!’ My friend Rod didn’t laugh so l had to explain it to him and he thinks l’m wrong but l know l’m right. Could yah set the record straight? Sure, what’d you tell your friend? Okay, look here, l told him the reason why it was funnier than hell when you said ‘Donkey!’– it’s ’cause you’re Mexican . [laughter] And you people ride Donkeys! [laughter] Normally, l woulda been all over this guy but two things, one, l was in Memphis, Tennessee, no support. [laughter] And , two, the guy was drunk. l just don’t deal with drunk people, man , uh-uh . When it comes to drinking and women , ladies, when you go out, make sure you take one guy with you . You need to take one guy, even if he’s– [high-pitched] Oh , my God ! You need one. [laughter] ‘Cause a group of you get together, there’s always one who will elect herself the team captain , right? Try to rally the troops? Get everybody together– [high-pitched] Okay, look, [laughs] check it out, this is a–shut up! [laughs] Okay, look, this is what’s gonna happen . We’re gonna take my car, so leave your car, my car, leave your car, ready, ready, let’s go. They get in the car– [motor noises] . They get to the club– [motor noises] . [clicking heels] [high-pitched] Oh no, my purse! [clicking] They go inside the club, they start jamming , having fun , [club music beat] (male voice) Oo-lah ! [club music beat] End of the night, that same girl who’s been the leader, the captain , she gets more hammered than everybody. She’s the biggest hypocrite walking , now missing a shoe, purse, keys, friends, car. Look, some of you are pointing , “That’s you , bitch !” [laughter] End of the night, she’s stumbling out of the club, [high-pitched laughter] l gotta pee. Not anymore. [laughter] She’s on the curb crying , mascara’s coming down her face, [high-pitched] l’m so wasted . Who the hell is gonna want me now? That’s when l come out. [shriek] Wassup? [laughter] l keep coming back to aIcohoI. l keep having these issues with it. Like, l got loaded one night, and l don’t know what happened , l accidentally wound up at this, um , “dance place”– gentlemen clubby place, right? l wasn’t driving , it was an accident. We pulled up to the place and– [motor noises] . [surprised] Ahhh ! l knew where l was at. Even when you’re drunk, you could be drunk and blind , you know where you’re at, as long as you hear– [rapid music beat] [female screech] [laughter] I waIked in there and l got recognized by one of the dancers. You gotta call them dancers or entertainers or they get mad at you . They’ll get mad . [high-pitched] l am not a stripper. Okay? l am an–entertainer. l’m like, Nooo, I’m an entertainer. You’re a nasty. Some girl recognizes you , [high-pitched] Oh my God ! l know who you are! You’re famous! And l’m like, Oh , no. Oh , no. And some other dancer who’s spinning on a pole overheard “famous” and she stops. Just ee! [laughter] She walks over, Oh my God , you’re famous? Can l have your autograph? [drunken slur] You don’t even know me. l don’t care. Sign it! Okay, relax. What’s your name? Diamond . What’s your last name? Rodriguez. [laughter] To Diamond . With all my love and affection– Hurry up! l got mad so l wrote– George Lopez. [laughter] l was drunk. l didn’t care. l’m all loaded . She freaked out, she’s like– Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! You’re George Lopez! l can’t help it, you guys, l was so drunk l did this, l said : [imitates George Lopez] l know, ha. [laughter] Ey! Ey, cabrona! Why you crying? Why you crying? [speaks Spanish] Esta Ioca. l won’t lie to you guys, George knows l do that. l don’t think he likes it. [laughter] l’ve done that to a couple of other people, you know, l did that to Paul Rodriguez, and Paul was cool . Paul was really cool about it. He was, like, you know, [imitates Paul] Hey, l heard there’s a guy out there who knows how to talk like me. ls that you? l said , [imitates Paul] Yeah , that’s me. [laughter] [imitates Paul] That’s purty good ! l said , [imitates George] l know, ha. [laughter] Hey, can you do Mencia? [imitates Mencia] Da-da-daa! [imitates Mencia] Da’s how you do it! Now, Carlos knows l do that, and he gets mad at me ’cause he goes [imitates Carlos] You gotta do it–better! No, sometimes l use my voices for eviI, man , I won’.t Iie. lf l don’t have my way, like, when l go to drive-thrus, and they screw up my order, [gasp] oh , l’m evil . l go back around and l start ordering but l throw them off by doing this. They’ll come on the speaker: (impersonal voice) Welcome to Fantastic Burger, how can l help you? l’ll do this: [high-pitched girl] Hello, sir? [laughs] Hi ! Can l please have a double cheeseburger, an order of fries and a shake? [laughs] Double cheeseburger, order of fries and a shake. [girl] Oh , my God ! Yes! Thank you , pull up to the window. Then l pull up. Oh , they’re not expecting–me. [laughter] [rrr, brakes screech] Oh , the look on their face is the best, right? (guy’s voice) Did you just order? They come back with a bag of food , Um , would you like ketchup? That’s where l let ’em have it. [high-pitched] Oh , my God , yes! [laughs] Hell , yeah , man . Oh , by the way, before l forget, l know l have a habit on my shows of sometimes throwing a little Spanish in there. lf you don’t understand Spanish , l do apologize, okay? l promise l will be translating . l don’t want anybody freaking out or reporting me to the management with concerns or issues, you know. [male Southern accent] What the hell is going on in there! What kind of show is this? Now somebody better hit the SAP button on that son of a bitch real quick! l didn’t pay good money to hear some Samoan speak Spanish . l’m not Samoan , l’m–Fluffy. l didn’t know why the guy thought l was Samoan , you know. And l’ve had this happen a couple times where people go, Are you Hawaiian? Why, no. lt’s not just the shirt. l thought it was just the shirt but no, how can it just be a shirt? Just because you wear a freakin’ sombrero, that doesn’t make you Mexican . l see white people wearing a sarape, walking a donkey with a sombrero, you don’t look at ’em and go, Hola, amigo. No, you’re like, Hey, Ted . Hi . You know, and he’s walking around Hola. Come on . Come on , stupid donkey. Donkey! Come on . l don’t get it, man . But it’s funny though . l didn’t know why the guy thought l was Hawaiian until l actually went to Hawaii , l found out that Hawaiian people actually look like swollen Mexicans. [laughter] They do! l got off the plane, l looked around , l was, like, [high-pitched] Oh , my God ! My family! Even they were, like, Aloha brother, [unintelligible] . Orale! l loved Hawaii . Hawaii was great, man . They have a lot of different cultures there. They have a lot of Asian people. A lot. A lot of Koreans. l know this because l got a couple of shirts tailored at some places, and every time l go in , there’s always a Korean lady. An older Korean lady. Who was mean . l’d walk in and this one lady always had a comment to make. l’m there for a week and every day she had a different comment. l walk in one day and , l couldn’t say anything either ’cause she was 75 years old . l can’t say nothing back. But there l am , walking in . [ding-dong] The lady behind the counter, [imitates female Asian accent] Ohhh ! Oh , looka who’s here. [laughter] Looka who’s here. Ohhh , shit, we gonna worka hard today. [laughter] [unintelligible] Whatever. [chuckles] Don’t make fun of me. But l can handle it, you know. l can handle it. People say, Gabriel , you go up there and you make fun of yourself. No, l don’t. l come up here and l tell you the things that l heard people say. There’s a difference. Sometimes l set myself up for jokes and l don’t realize it. Three years ago, l bought a Beetle. Not even thinking . [light laughter] That’s not the joke, shut up. [loud laughter] See, l can’t even tell you guys a story. [high-pitched laughter] Hmm . l wasn’t thinking , l bought the car ’cause it was affordable, economical , brand new freakin’ Beetle for, like, 1 7 grand . l was, like, [high-pitched screech] first new car. l go to show it off at my friend Martin’s house. l thought it was nice, l pull up, you know, [rrr, screech] Martiiin ! He lives in the Hood , l don’t get out of the car. Across the street there are these gang members, they don’t really get into shooting people and stuff like that, they just hang out on the porch and talk a lot of smack. So l’m there in the Beetle and across the street l hear this, l’m , like, Martiiin ! And over here, l hear– Orale. [laughter] Hey, what’s up, guys? How’s it going? (more distant voice) How’d you get in there ese. [laughter] Hurry up, Martin ! [laughter] Two months later, l go back to pick him up. Now l’ve had some time to work on the car, l put some rims on it, some stickers, l put a chip in the motor so it goes faster. l thought l was bad , right? l pull up, [rrr, tires screech] [rrr, rrr] Martiiin ! Orale! [laughter] Uh-uh , l’m not turning around . Hey. Uh-uh . Hey. l don’t see you . Yoo-hoo! [grrr] Hey! [grrr] What! ! Check it out, hey, it’s the fat and the furious. [laughter] l didn’t even wait, man . [rrrrrr] l got rid of that car, man . l traded it in and got myself a big old SUV. lt was nice for a while. This car freakin’ sucked on mileage. l got 1 1 miles to the gallon . Oh , you cannot be bad-ass in a car that kills gas like l kill tacos, you can’t. [laughter] You can’t be at the stoplight trying to intimidate other cars, What? What, what, what? [rrrrrrrrr] Twenty bucks right there. Hell , no. But it was kind of cool . lt had a G PS navigational system in it. An OnStar which is really cool . l’m driving , and all of a sudden this girl’s talking to me, [ping] (pleasant female voice) Right turn , up ahead . Whoa. [ping] At three quarter tenth of a mile, left turn . And l’m , like, Whatever you say, baby. Being a big guy, l’ve noticed that people feel compelled to tell me certain things after shows. l get people that’ll pull me aside and go, Gabriel , you’re a very funny guy, you’re very talented , don’t you think, perhaps, you’re living a little excess in life? And l’m like, Well , l love to eat. Well , don’t you want to live to be a hundred? Well , not if l can’t eat tacos. Or as many as l want. A lot of people think that just because you work out and lift weights, and you eat right and you do what people tell you to do, that you’ll live a long life. Maybe you will , but, you know, why do people measure life by the years instead of how good the years were? l’ll measure by freakin’– you know what l mean? [cheering , whistling] What good is it to live to be a hundred but you didn’t do anything? You didn’t go out and kick it with friends, go out and get drunk at some club and wake up in an alley at one time? You know? What good is it? You stayed in the house and you were safe. And l lived to be a hundred . You know, l don’t know. That’s why, l , um , l have a very big amount of respect for the crocodile hunter, rest in peace, but, come on , you guys, yeah , he died at 44 years old , but, he died doing what he loves to do. Not a lot of people can say that. lf l die tomorrow from overeating , hoo-hoo, God bless me, that’s exactly how it was supposed to be. [cheering] You know how much adrenaline he had? Every single day, risking his life, you know how you feel when you’re about to cross the street and a car– [rrrrrr] and your ass almost gets hit, and you’re like– [screech] Oh ! Oh ! Oh ! Oh ! and then you’re hysterical . [high-pitched laughter] Oh , my God ! l almost died . [laughs] Touch me. Touch me right here. Oh , my– And the rest of the day, you appreciate life, looking at the birds or the sky, [sings] You’re loving life. He did that every day. That’s why every day l try to live just a little bit of my life like l might not be here tomorrow. ‘Cause you never know. l don’t wanna die tomorrow knowing l coulda had a piece of cake tonight. Sure. That’s why people tell me Why don’t you work out? Why don’t you lift weights? What if l’m gonna die tomorrow? l don’t want to die sore. l wanna die full . When the coroner cuts me up, l want the whole room to smell like potato wedges. [laughter] And he’s gonna go, This guy knew how to live, right here, man . Good times. But again , the crocodile hunter, l give him a lot of love, a lot of credit but people go, [high-pitched] lt’s such a loss to the nature community, you know, he taught us so much about nature. And l got mad when l heard this lady on TV saying that he taught us a lot about nature and it was, like, No, he didn’t really teach a lot about nature, if you want to learn about nature, you watch Discovery channel or one of these nature programs where they have a guy on safari and he’s studying from afar. Crocodile hunter, no. Come on , every episode, [imitates Steve l rwin] Hey, how you doin’? Look over there, right there. lt’s a “toiger.” That toiger weighs 800 pounds and it could kill a man in 1 0 seconds. l’m gonna touch it. [laughter] Hi , tiger. [grrr] Ow, he’s angry! He’s angry. Next episode, There’s a king cobra, the most venomous snake in all the planet. One “boite” and l’m dead . l’m gonna pick it up. [laughter] [hissing] He’s angry! lf he really wanted people to think he was out there, man , America, we should’ve borrowed him , and sent him to l raq . With no gun , just a camera crew. Do you imagine how bad that woulda freaked out the enemy? You’re a freakin’ soldier working for Al-Qaeda and you’re out there, you know, [imitates l raq accent, unintelligible] And he’s walking toward him wearing shorts, [laughter] [imitates l raqi accent, unintelligible] Crikey! [l raqi accent] What is crikey? What the hell is crikey? And he’s walking up to him , Hey! Look over there, lt’s an Al-Qaeda member. An l raqi soldier, one of the most dangerous creatures in all the planet. One push of a button and l’m gone! l’m gonna poke him with a stick. [scream] He’s angry! [laughter] l think he’s still angry. Yeah , man , this country, l love living here in the United States. l can’t think of anywhere else l’d want to live. Some people say, Well , you’re Mexican . Wouldn’t you rather live in Mexico? [whistles, shouts] Uh–[laughs] . l love Mexico, just visiting , just visiting . l like it right here. That’s why it kind of bothers me whenever people go, (female voice) What is it like being a Latino comedian? l go, l don’t know, l’m a comedian who happens to be Latino. (female voice) What’s the difference? The difference is my special will air on Comedy Central , not Telemundo. [cheering] lt’s hard , you guys, you know. Lo español . You speak a little Spanish , it freaks people out. (female) Oh my God , he’s speaking Spanish . Don’t get me wrong , l like watching Spanish programming myself. Some of the stuff is really cool . My favorite thing are the commercials because they’re always about sex. You don’t even know what the product is until like the last two seconds. lt’s always some model walking out all sexy, [rhythmic music beat] [sexy female voice] Hola. [rhythmic music beat] [sucks in air] Ay, què rico. [laughter] And on the 28th second , [shout and short gasp] Pepsi . And you’re sitting there, going , l gotta go get a Pepsi . Oh ho yeah ! [laughs] Oh my God ! l have a thing for soda, l love it, man . l know they gave me water but– (female voice) Oh , a soda! l didn’t even see that right there. Excuse me, un momento. [laughter] Pepsi . [laughter] No, that’s actually diet, which is cool . l’m not on a diet, and it’s funny because people go, Why then do you drink diet soda? So l can eat regular cake. l love cake, man , are you kidding? By the way, l wanna thank the three people who brought me a cake personally. l have them in the back. l really appreciate it. That was very nice of you . The management and the promoters are freaking out there, like, Gabriel , why do they all bring you cake? l go, Because on TV l talked about one time how much l love cake. And so people bring it. My friend Mondo got mad , He’s, like, [Mexican male accent] Why don’t you talk about hookers? Somebody asked me earlier too, they said , Gabriel , when you get to do your special , are you gonna do anything about the country, are you gonna talk about politics? Well , l’m gonna talk first of all about how l love this country, and l wouldn’t want to live anywhere else. l know that half the world right now thinks that our leader is the devil and most of us would agree. [laughter] He’s not–yeah . l don’t have to make fun of the president. He does it by himself. Okay? [whistling , clapping] He does it by himself. Every time he comes on TV, l can’t wait to hear what he has to say. Especially during press conferences, (high-pitched female voice) M r. President. Question . lt’s been over a year. What is your plan for Katrina? [imitates Bush’s voice] Ha! We’re gonna find her. [laughter] That’s right. And we’re gonna bring Katrina to justice. We have every reason to believe Katrina is connected to Al-Qaeda. Qaeda, Katrina, they both start with a “k.” Our president got elected . I didn’.t vote for him , but then again , l didn’t vote for the other guy either. l was just, like–. How Bush won is beyond me. Americans, we love to vote but we don’t vote for Presidents. We vote for things like American IdoI. Because that’s fun. Voting for presidents is not fun. Voting for American– Shebang ! Shebang ! That’s what they should do for presidents. Just put both guys on TV for one hour, call it something catchy like “Who’s Gonna Run This Bitch?” You put ’em on TV for an hour, let ’em argue 30 minutes into the special , you put an 800 number on the screen , and say “Cast Your Vote.” [phone rings, click] You’ve reached the presidential hotline. For George Bush , press three. John Kerry, press four. Other options, press five. You don’t like either one? Press five. [beep] Please hold . [high-pitched voice hums U .S . national anthem] [rings and clicks] [imitates Clinton] [chuckles] l knew you’d be back. That’s right. You know you miss your daddy. Oh , yeah . l’m such a dork. l don’t care. But l have fun though . One thing you guys definitely made possible is l have the ability now to travel and l never did that. l never used to travel until l became a comedian . l’m , like, Oh my God , there’s a whole other world out there. When l was hanging out in Florida, l got a chance to experience an amusement park that was a little different. lt was an alternative park called Gatorland . lt’s a real park, and l’ve met the owners and they’re really cool people but l gotta tell you : best part about this amusement park is they have a recording the funniest thing l’ve ever heard . You call this park, this is what you hear. [phone rings and clicks] (male voice, Southern accent) Yeehaw! You’ve reached Gatorland , America’s premier gator extravaganza. You’ve seen ’em on TV, now come and see ’em live. Gatorland . You’re gonna love this park. Then he says this: Fer Spanish , press two. [laughter] Oh . l gotta hear this. [beep] l don’t speak Spanish but you’re gonna love this park. l was dyin’! l called him like ten times. Aw, it’s the best. l’m starting to sweat a little bit, huh . Too sexy, arrr. l don’t care though , l have a lot of fun , you guys. You guys have made a lot of things possible. At the beginning , when l first started , coming here to Bakersfield , to the Fox Theater, l used to go to this taco place, up the way called Taco Loco– [cheering and whistling] And it’s still there. l love food on wheels, you know. But this taco place has taken it to the next level . They’re really really good there, they’re not paying me nothing , l’m just talking about ’em , but l go to order and these guys were kinda, you know– the girls were cool but the guys were mean . l try to order some food , l’m like– [thuds] Hello? And the guy is like, Què pasò, gordo wha’ you want? Wha’ you want?? Oh , hey, dude, can l get two tacos, chicken and a Coke? Okay. What else? [laughter] That’s it. Tsk, awww. Whatever, dude. But we had a lot of fun . We got to promote on a lot of different radio stations here in town to get the word out to you guys about the show. They try to get me set up on the Spanish radio stations and l’ve done that in the past and it was okay. But the last few times l had to say no because they put me on the radio with a guy who’s like “from” Mexico. And l can speak Spanish but you put me up against somebody from the Motherland , hoo! l walk in the studio, l’m dealing with this one guy, right? We go on the air and he’s like [speaks rapid-fire Spanish] Que paso! que paso! que paso! l meet that same guy in the hallway, he sounded just like that. Oh , hey, how’s it goin’? Que paso? ! Are we on the air? No! ! Why are you talking like that? Porque si ! ! And l freaked out ’cause you imagine this guy goes home talking like that to his wife and his kids? Come two, three o’clock in the morning , his wife maybe wants to do a little “something” and she tells her man , [female Mexican accent] Honey, tonight, when the kids are sleeping , what are you going to do to me? Que me vas a hacer? [speaks rapid-fire Spanish] Quitarte los calzones para ver ese cuuulote! Si . [whoosh] Si . [whoosh] Si . [whoosh] Si . [unintelligible] està presentado por Pepsi ! S ì [whoosh] . l know somebody who doesn’t speak Spanish is gonna go home and try it tonight. S ì. [whoosh] (high-pitched female] You better stop that. S ì. [whoosh] . Just have a little fun . Like l said , you guys, l wasn’t sure what was gonna happen . A lot of things have been happening over the years. This past year l had the opportunity to be on a reality show and things kind of worked out a little weird . Well , but hey, all l can say is the winner is the winner, and he did what he did , and he got what he got. But hey, this ain’t bad for sixth place, is it? Huh? [cheers and whistling] Yeah , l’m not the last comic standing , but l’m the only one with a Comedy Central Special . [laughs] . l know my mom is here tonight. She’s like– [speaks Spanish] . l love my mom . She’s over here, you guys. Just say hi to her. Mom . [cheering and clapping] Right there. That little woman made me. And she tells everybody, (high-pitched female) No, he came out of here. Ay, hombre, this is the road to success. She is not shy. She cracks me up though , man . She likes what l do because it’s working , but she still doesn’t get the jokes. lt’s not that she doesn’t speak English , ’cause she speaks perfect English . She just doesn’t see me as a comedian . She sees me as her son . l can’t tell her a joke ’cause then she questions it and kills it. l could tell her something , like, Mom , why did the chicken cross the road? And l’ll get, (high-pitched female) Who let out the chicken? lt’s a joke. lt’s no joke, baboso, you know how much l pay for those chickens? Never mind . No, you never mind . lt’s cool , though , man . She’s seen me do a lot of things. A lot of people say, well , you gave your mom a shot, what about your dad? Well , he’s not in the picture. My father, um , ha, let’s put some beans out there, my father was a mariachi . Way–l swear to God–he was one of those straight-up you know, [ra-ta-ta-ta] And my mom hooked up with him about 30-plus years ago one night, and nine months later, tan-tan , and l came out– [laughter] So l have a vague memory of my father. l knew him until l was about maybe four years old . And then apparently they got the band back together and he took off. [laughter] l don’t remember exactly what he looks like, and sometimes l’ll take my mom out to dinner and l’ll go, Mom , l don’t mean to bug you about this, what does he look like? Do you have any photos l can get and idea and stuff? And my mom , she’s funny, she grabs a hot sauce. [high-pitched female] He looks like that. That’s funny, verdad? Eso està funny, verdad? [laughs and screeches] He look just like that. For those of you that don’t know, there’s a picture of a mariachi on the bottle of hot sauce. So, yeah , we’re doing okay. Somebody asked me, they say, Well , on your first special that you got to do, you kept talking about this guy, this friend of yours named Felipe. ls he a real person? He is a real person . And he’s an old friend . Known him forever. But he’s one of these comedians who doesn’t know when to stop being funny. And that’s why it’s hard sometimes to hang out with the guy, ’cause you know, l know when to quit. Especially around cops, when l hear [gun cocks] the joke is over. lf l hear [siren] you get an apology. My friend didn’t know when to draw the line and we were hanging out one day and sure enough a freakin’ cop got mad , (deep male voice) Oh , you think it’s real funny, huh? You think it’s easy to be a police officer? You see that scar? l got stabbed in ’92 . See that? Bullet wound , ’96 . What do you got to say about that? And l was, like, l have nothin’ to say about that. And my friend , Felipe, is, like, Oh , yeah? What are you doin’? Fool , watch this. [screech] What are you doin’? He grabs my shirt, pulls it up, tells the cop, Fool , you see those stretch marks? Doughnuts, 1 996 . l said , Dude, he’s gonna kill us. l know, fool , but it was funny, huh? And speaking of that, l get pulled over by a cop one night, two minutes after coming out of a Krispy Kreme drive-thru . Alright? Don’t get ahead of me, watch , l made a left turn instead of making a right but l wasn’t paying attention ’cause l had a box, l was, like, [gasp] Oh , you’re gonna get it when you get home! Oh , you’ve been so bad . So–[female screech] you’re gonna get it. l’m not paying attention , l go the wrong way, right? [rrr] Sure enough– [siren] [shout] Ohhh ! l pull over. [rrr and screech] M m . Later. [ba-ba-ba] l’m sitting there patiently waiting and the cop is taking forever. l said , The hell with this, he’s taking too long . l grab my box, l put it on my lap, l flipped it open , right? And–[mmmm] [lascivious chuckle] [mmm] [high-pitched screeches] Oh , l was gonna get nasty. And just as l was about to tear it up, the cop gets to the window and says the same thing that they all say, right? [deep male voice] You know why l stopped you? lt was too easy. l looked at him and l said , ‘Cause you can smell it. Oh , he was dying , [deep male] Son of a bitch ! Whatever, he let me go, man . So you just gotta be careful . lf you can make a cop laugh , you got a chance. This past year, l got to experience something else. l experienced my first Raider game. [loud cheering , clapping , booing] Now, uh– hey, listen you guys, it takes a lot of nerve for me to say that after the season that happened last year that l’m a fan . And l became a fan last year. [cheering and whistling] You can hate it if you want, but you know what? Not only did l become a fan , l did a show in Oakland . And l made a couple of jokes and references about the team . And apparently there were two players in the audience. l didn’t know that. Maybe that’s why they lost. They shoulda been at home, practicing . But there were two there. And they confronted me outside. They were big guys like so, You got a problem with the Raiders, son? l’m , like, [screech] They grabbed me, picked me up, and pinned me against the wall . Oh , my God . Luckily, they fumbled me and l got away. And people go, How do you come up with your material , Gabriel? How do you come up with the things you’re gonna say? Things happen to me and then instead of just going to a shrink, l suck it up and l come up here like when l did the joke about the freakin’ Volkswagen , l really used to own a Volkswagen . l didn’t just go, Let me see if this is funny. l had a Volkswagen . No, l lived it. People go, Why do you wear Hawaiian shirts? l’ve always worn Hawaiian shirts. Bottom line is simple. Why do l wear ’em? ‘Cause they fit. They’re colorful , and l’m sorry– When you wear a Hawaiian shirt and you’re living in the ghetto, people don’t think you’re up to no good . You’re not a gang member wearing a Hawaiian shirt. Nobody’s gonna take you serious, you know? [deep black male] Where you from? [male Hawaiian accent] Oh , Honolulu , eh . [laughter] You can’t be hard and colorful . [laughs] Uh-uh . No way, man . And believe me, l’ve had my encounters. l had a little encounter one time on a plane. Some guy was getting a little weird , and l’m like, Uh-uh , no more for me. Every time l get on a plane, there’s always drama. Always. One time l’m flying to Florida and our plane got hit by lightning . Uh-huh . The plane drops 600 feet [whoosh] straight down . That was better than any ride you’ve ever been on . l don’t care who you are, you could’ve been freakin’ doin’ 20 years in prison , you killed a hundred people, you can be the baddest toughest dude ever. When you’re in a plane and it just drops out of the sky, [gasps] Woo! l was gay for five seconds. l’m not gonna lie! [screeches] [weeping] [screech] Oh , l was a brokeback Mexican , yes, l was. l was in touch with myself. lt was funny, man . Before l go, l got one more good story to tell you . l took a road trip about a year ago after l got rid of the Beetle in the SUV. Took a road trip from LA to Phoenix to go perform at this club. Let me tell you who was in the car. l’m driving , l got my buddy Armando riding shotgun . He’s another Fluffy guy, we call him Sexy Bitch . Well , l don’t call him that, his wife calls him that. [high-pitched Mexican female] He’s a sexy bitch ! Anyway, in the back seat l got my friend , Martin . Next to him is my friend , Felipe. So we take off– [rrr] we’re on the 1 0 freeway, we’re passing all these l ndian casinos– [rrr] [whoops l ndian style] . Sorry, we’re stupid like that. Anyway, all of a sudden all these cars start passing me. [rrr rrr rrr] l’m getting annoyed ’cause l’m driving a [loud truck horn] . l said , Next car that tries to pass me, l’m not gonna let ’em . So l’m looking in the rear view mirror, waiting , looking , waiting , waiting , and l see a silver dot. The silver dot turned out to be a little car with two hoochies in it. Some of you guys are going , How do you know they’re hoochies? ‘Cause my friend Martin was in the back seat going , l feel a disturbance in the force. They try to go around and l cut ’em off. [rrr] [high-pitched laughter] l’m having fun , they’re back there– [light honk] . Whatever! [truck honk] My friend Felipe is in the back seat yelling at me, [male Mexican accent] Fool , what are you doing? Dude, don’t worry, l’m having fun . Gabriel , you’re gonna get pulled over. Dude, l’m okay, it’s cool . We’re arguing , going back and forth , l’m not paying attention . l don’t see a California highway patrol officer creeping up on us. All of a sudden l hear–[siren] . l look at the speedometer: one oh two. [audience ohhhs] Oh , l freaked out. [screeches] . l pulled over. [rrrrrrr] [braking sound] [psssssst] The little car that was behind me with the two hoochies, they got pulled over because they were going just as fast, [rrr and squeak] [laughter] l’m in the front seat of my car, freakin’ out. Oh my God , l’m gonna go to jail . l’m on the verge of tears. From the back seat, l hear my friend Felipe– Fool , what are you cryin’ for? What are you cryin’ for, fool? You’re not the one with weed in his pocket, are you? You have drugs in the car? l told you to slow down , didn’t l? But no! Picachu knows everything . Shoot! Everybody roll down your windows. [frrr frrr] Air out the car. Mondo, fart. Do something , man . The cop walks over to the window, looks in , sees my face, recognizes me from TV, he’s, like, Hey, l know you , you’re a comedian . Yeah , you’re that guy from Comedy Central . You’re the guy that does that joke about his friend at a hotel and you crank-call him and you call him a dirty Mexican , and then you go “But it was funny, huh?” Oh , l love that joke. That one and when you go, [high-pitched female] Chocolate cake! Ohh , l love that joke! l hate to do this to you but we got two cars involved . l need your license and registration . Okay, here you go. Here you go. So he takes my info, goes back to the car with the two girls in it, the whole time he’s back there, l tell everybody in the car, Check it out! He just recognized me from TV! Maybe if we have some fun with him , crack some jokes, maybe he won’t take the car. l don’t care if l get a ticket, but as long as he doesn’t take the car. Mondo, be silly, crack a joke. Martin , be funny. Felipe. [deep voice] What, fool? Shut the hell up! So the cop comes back to the car, What the hell were you doing out there? Before l could think of something funny to say, from the back seat l hear, Fool , he was testing the suspension . Oh , my God . This pothead’s gonna get me arrested . Officer, l’m sorry, that’s my friend , Felipe, that’s the guy from the special , the guy who says “But it was funny, huh?” He’s just trying to get me in trouble. l’m really sorry. Whatever. So he goes back to his squad car with my driver’s license, and he’s swiping it in a computer. The whole time he’s doing that, he’s being yelled at from the back seat of my car. Hey, officer, thank God you have a computer! Last week we got stopped in Mexico, that fool had a Rolodex. The cop starts dying . [laughs with screech] l go, Oh , we got him going , we got him going . l told my buddy Mondo, Give me my CDs. l take out my Bad Boys II soundtrack, and l pop it in , track three is the theme song to Cops. l tell my friend , Felipe, Tell me when the cop starts walking . Okay, fool , here he comes. l crank that song as loud as l could . [static and beep] Ha! Bad boys, what you , what you , what you gonna do. [imitates beat music] Best part, now the cop is walking to the beat. [beat music] Even better than that, the two hoochies in the car can hear the music and they’re freakin’ out. They’re, like, [high-pitched] Oh my God , we’re gonna be on TV! The cop goes to the girls, gives them a ticket, lets them go. [rrrrr] Looks at our car and at this point, we’re halfway through the song , we’re, like, [sings reggae] ♫ Police no give Me no break ♫ [unintelligible] Got our arms out the window like a bunch of idiots. The cop is in the middle of the freeway, dying . [screech and laugh] He walks over to the window and he’s like, Shut it off! [screech] [click] Yes, sir. Hands me my license and the registration , and he tells me, Gabriel , l want you to do me a big favor, l want you to keep this tank under a hundred . You think you can do that? Uh-huh . Do that for me, keep on doing what you do, and you have yourself a nice day. But, but, that’s it? No ticket? No ticket. l don’t know what possessed me to look at this man and go, Why? [laughter] How come the girls got a ticket? And he tells me the coolest thing , he says, ‘Cause they couldn’t make me laugh . [laughter] [cheering] Woo-whee! You don’t understand , Gabriel , l’ve been on the force now for 26 years. This is hands-down the funniest damn traffic stop l’ve ever been a part of. Do you have any idea how hard it is to give two sluts a ticket while listening to Cops? l damn near pissed myself l was laughing so hard . This is going in the books as one of the funniest things that ever happened to a police officer, l swear to God . The only story better than this one is a buddy of mine pulled over some fat guy that gave him doughnuts. So he starts walking away, and just as l’m about to start the car, So does that mean l can keep my weed? [laughter] l turn around to yell at my friend , Too late, the cop is at the window, You wanna run that by me again , son? You heard what l said , fool . Oh , you think this a big joke, don’t you? You think that just because l gave your buddy here a break, l know who he is, l like what he does, l don’t know you , l don’t like you . Step out of the car. l turn around and my friend Felipe is, like, Whooo. l am so scared . And the cop pulls out his gun , [cocks gun] l’m freakin’ out, Oh my God ! Back seat, my friend , Felipe: Whooo. Whooo. l am so scared . Fool , he is good . He is good . Then he points it at him . The look on my friend Felipe’s face, [gasp] [whispers] Priceless! Are you serious? Are you serious? l’m a-go to jail? The cop was like [cocks gun]– Nah , but that was funny, huh? l love you , Bakersfield ! Thank you ! [curtain music] (Martin) We’re gonna bring Gabriel back out to answer some questions for you . You guys wanna bring Gabriel back out? [wild cheering] Ladies and gentlemen , coming back to the stage, Gabriel lglesias. Thank you , Martin . You pulled it off bro, congratulations. l needed that the first time l– well , never mind . They want to ask you some questions, uh , Who we got first? This is a little different something we decided to do because there’s gonna be a DVD release with special features we figured why not, sometimes people do things and sometimes people wanna know information and rather than go on the l nternet, you can ask the source. So, here’s you guys’ opportunity, anything you guys wanna ask me, go for it. What’s your name, homey? My name is Danny. Where you from? Visalia, California. Visalia in the house! Go ahead , Danny. This past summer l got on a rollercoaster, when l sat down , it went click, click, click. How many’d you get? Dude, l’m beyond clicks now. l don’t even get on . Like six years ago, bro, l could still go to Disneyland , and lean on–[grrr] . Now, l’m older, l hang out by the strollers. What’s your question , Patricia? How does your family feel about your success? Um , some of the family thinks that l’m doing pretty good . My mom is happy ’cause she’s got a car and it’s paid for. [laughter] There are some members of the family that think l’ve gone Hollywood , and l’m like, Okay. Some of the family members are really cool about it, and some are just kinda you know, hmmm . l love them all , but, you know, hey, whatever. Not everybody can get a check. [laughter] Hey, how you doin’? What’s your name? (Gabriel) JuIia! I know JuIia. You guys go back, eh? Way back. Like that? Like that. My question is to you , l know you’re making fun of me for having the runs and going to pee, and l know you have a girlfriend , l saw her, very pretty, but will you please marry me, my fluffy bunny? [audience goes oh !] “Fluffy bunny?” Wow. Girl , my girlfriend’s gonna jump you and my mom’s gonna help. Take one for the team. Thank you , though . Bye, now. Woo! [screech] Juan , Mexican name. Yeah . Què pasò. How you doin’, bro? Who’s your favorite stand-up and have you ever met him? My favorite stand-up comic, Robin WiIIiams, and l met him last year. [audience cheers] Yeah . Thank you , man . What l was curious about is how you come up with your material . How do l come up with material? Uh , some people have writers, some comics are writers, l don’t know how to sit down and come up with funny stuff and then come out here and try to perform it. l usually react to things that are happening , like people getting up, walking to the bathroom , baboso. And it’s still the same guy, too. Things happen to me on a daily basis, and l find a way to make them funny, like, for example, sometimes at night, when l go to a drive-thru and they mess me up, l like to go back in line again , and mess with them . Like when they come on the speaker, WeIcome to McDonaId’.s, how can l help you? l’ll just start messing with them . l’ll do like a girl voice and go, Oh my God , hi ! [laughs] You don’t just write that, it’s kind of a spur of the moment type of thing . Then l come up here and tell the story. Everything you hear me talk about on the shows is usually a real story. How are you handling success? How am l handling it? l’ll let you know when this airs. l’ll let you know when the DVDs come out to see if I hang [unintelligible]. Honestly, bro, l don’t know how you would say how you’re handling it, l don’t forget where l’m from , that’s exactly why l wanted to do the special here because it was a– 1 0 years later type of thing . l still have my original best friend from way back in the day when l didn’t have comedy. When l would go spend Christmas at his house. And l have people that love me and care about me whether this happens or doesn’t happen . My brother will still let me sleep on his porch . So, it’s going good , man . Stay true to your roots. Thank you , bro. Ladies and gentlemen , this is a guy by the name of Fast Freddy. Fast Freddy has been coming out to see my shows for what, a good three, four years? 2000 you opened up for Weird Al Yankovic in San Diego. What year was that? Two thousand . So for six years, you have successfully stalked me. [laughter] [high-pitched cries] And made it to the special . This guy right here, is one of the greatest fans any entertainer could ever ask for. And he’s just been a really really nice guy. We did a show in Denver, Colorado, and he had his entire family reunion come to the show. And any time l said his name, they’re like, [screeches] But no, honestly dude, l appreciate your coming out tonight, and l’m gonna see to it you come out on the DVD, and you can burn it, make copies and give it to your friends and sell it at the Swap-Meet. But l really appreciate you and your wife always coming out to the shows. Man , you’ve shown a Iot of Iove and l appreciate you showin’ the Hawaiian shirt. Oh , yeah . But what’s your question , bro? You’ve been all over the nation , performing . Where have been some of your favorite places to perform? l don’t wanna kiss butt but mmm , one of them . [wild cheering] Yeah . Uh , some favorite places have been like, um , Phoenix, Arizona, San Antonio, Texas, Houston , Texas, uh , Florida, all over Florida. M iami . New York. l’ve had a lot of fun places. One of the most interesting was in Canada. l performed for Canadians. Eh . They say “eh” more than gang members. How you doin’, eh? Orale, eh . l love performing everywhere. There are some places that l’d rather not go back, l won’t mention them in case they sell the CD and DVD there. What’s your name? Salvador. SaIvador! It’s Iike a soap opera name. (girl voice) ¿ Donde vas? ¿Quièn eres? (male voice) Salvador. Just messin’ with you , bro. My question is, what’s your mom’s favorite dish that she taught you how to make or not? My mom’s favorite dish , that she wouId cook? Yeah. Uh , Jack l n the Box. Drive-thru . See, my mom , yeah , she’s Mexican , but she ole school Mexican , she didn’t even wanna cook. When l was a little kid , my mom would go play bingo, she still plays it and she’d come home at like one o’clock at night, and l’m like Mom , l’m hungry. (female Mexican accent) Let’s go. We’d go hit a Jack in the Box and it became a routine. When l was a little kid , l used to be like this, then , years later, Jack in the Box. Mom , what’s your favorite dish? TamaIes! Oh , she’s getting mad , [imitates] Tamales! [laughter] Yeah , ’cause she’d make ’em once a year for Christmas and make me cook ’em with her, l’m tying the pinche tamales, l’m holding– [high-pitched] Amàrralos! l couldn’t take a bath because there’s a bunch of freakin’ corn husks in the tub because she’s letting them soak. I smeII Iike cuIo but she don’t care. [high-pitched] I have to make tamaIes! Hey, Nick, what’s your question? What’s your favorite joke? What is my favorite joke? Oh , that’s a good question . Donkey! I know it’s not exactly a joke but it makes me laugh every time l say it. Hey! l actually told a joke, it’s not even a clean joke, my very first joke that l told , when l was 1 0 years old , l did a show at my elementary school , l went up on stage and l said this, l said , [unintelligible] l said , Why did the chicken cross the road? And the whole crowd said , Why? And l said , To check out the chicks. My name is Philip. lt’s not really a question , l just wanna say thanks, l’m just out of the Marine Corp and l’ll tell you what, man , you brought a lot of laughter to us out there. [inaudible] So l just want to say thanks to you . [unintelligible] You kept us alive through some rough times. So thanks a lot, brother. [chuckles] l appreciate it, man . l’m glad you could make it here, bro. Huh? Tacos, later, what’s up? For Philip and everybody in the Marines, guys, Iet them hear it. All the troops! [wild clapping and cheering] Go ahead , man . Go ahead . Go ahead . [unintelligible] Ven p’acà. Get to the mike, pendejo. Come here. All night you wanna say something , now is your chance. You wanna scream. Ven p’acà. What have you been drinking all night? [unintelligible]? Budweiserrr. Bud Liiites. He even says it with an accent, huh? Budweiserrr! Bud Liiite! That’s the way you do it. That’s the way they allll do it. What’s your question? Where’s afterward? Last time l was here, we were told you were gonna be in one place and you were at another. I wanna take it from you . What are you asking? Where am l gonna be next? Where we all gonna go? After hours? Fuckin’ Denny’s. [unintelligible] East side? Hey. Hey. East side, north side, west side? south side? [unintelligible] . What’d you say? East side, north side, south side? Cabron , it’s cold , we’re gonna stay inside. I don’t know which one is that. Alright, l guess that’s it, you guys. Hey, listen , l really cannot express how touched l am that you guys sold out two shows tonight, here at the very first place where l started . [wild cheering] This special is gonna air on Comedy Central either June or July and you guys can say you were part of it, and hopefully it looks really nice on TV. Maybe they’ll cut off a pound or two. We’ll definitely be back here, give us about another year and we’ll be back to do it again , and l love you guys, thank you for showing love. Have a good night! Thank you ! Captioned by Blue 1 05 www.bIue1 05.com (male presenter) Ladies and gentlemen , Iive from the Fox Theater in beautifuI downtown BakersfieId , put your hands together, show your love for Martin Moreno! [cheering and shouting] Woo! Bakersfield ! How are you guys feeling tonight? [loud cheering] We got a packed house, thank you for coming out, thank you very much for the Latinos in the house. M uchas gracias. Where you at, Rosa? We got enough Latinos in here to start a march. That’s beautiful . Where’s the white people? Make some noise, white people! [loud cheering and shouting] Wow. We are not marching anywhere. [laughter] Get back to work! Where’s the black folks? Make some noise, black folks! [a few voices] [audience laughs] Alright, two! Well , that’s all we need to keep the white people distracted from the Latinos in the house. l love black folks. Black guys have got to be the coolest men on the planet. You know that? That’s right. l’ll tell you right now. A black guy could punk a white guy into some fashion . [laughter] A black guy could show up wearing a clown suit talking shit, it’s a clown suit, bitches! Honk honk, that’s my cell phone, nigga. [laughter] There’d be a white guy behind him , Holy shit, we gotta get a clown suit. They are cool . Latinos, we got it all twisted . We thought hard work was gonna do the trick. lt’s hard work being Latino, right? You gotta sneak in through the desert, get a job without an l D, learn how to speak English . Black folks tried hard work for 200 years, you see where that shit got them . A boat showed up to Africa, it was a messed-up trip but a boat showed up. Can you imagine if a boat showed up in Mexico? Latinos would be running each other over, trying to get on . Vamonos, cabron , call your tio, it’s free, let’s go! Shit, you think we fit a lot of people in a car? Mess around and give us a boat? We’ll have people hanging from that anchor, Take me too! Oh , man , l talk a lot of shit. lt looks like we got a lot of couples in the house. Couples, where you at? Make some noise, couples. [much shouting] Wow. Better you than me. l was married one time, had a traditional Latino Catholic wedding . Very traditional . My girlfriend was pregnant. [laughter] My son was the best man . lt was traditional . l’m not doing it again though . And l knew marriage wasn’t for me, because at the wedding they were throwing minute rice. l knew it wasn’t gonna last, right? And my favorite part out of the whole wedding thing was the bachelor party. Are you kidding? Free beers, free lapdances, that’s a good time, right? Because strip clubs are expensive when you gotta pay, right? You got a big ol’ cover charge, you get all mad , l shoulda brought the Vl P tickets l got last week. You walk in , beers are eight bucks, lapdances are 25 bucks, and then they trick you , two for one, two for one, but then the song’s over in one minute. What the hell is that? Who’s doing the music here? DJ ComeQuick? This is bullshit. lt’s horrible. That is why l like strip clubs in Mexico. That is the shit right there. [cheering] And if you haven’t gone, you owe it to yourselves to take a vacation , just to check it out. [light laughter] Everybody is welcome in the Mexican strip club. You got your wife, you got your kids, come on in , they don’t care. First of aII, there’.s no cover charge. There’s a midget about that big , just recruiting people. He’s got horns, whistles, make it look like a carnival . Come on in ! You walk in , no cover charge. Two-dollar beers. One-dollar shooters. Lapdances, 25 bucks, but every lapdance has a happy ending . That is good times. You have got to be carefuI at the Mexican strip clubs. The girls look young . They’re legal , but they’re barely legal . lt’s like it’s gonna be midnight and they’re like seventeen and a half. lt’s like, alright. lt’s like a New Year’s countdown . Five, four, three, two, hit the pole, baby, you’re legal . l’m telling you , one of these girls didn’t even have high heels. She had tennis shoes. She was dancing , little lights were coming on in the back. l’m Martin Moreno, you guys have been a lot of fun . Thank you very much . [audience cheers] Thank you ! Coming to the stage, a very very funny man , you might have seen him at Que Locos, Latino Laugh Festival . Please a big hand , M r. Noe Gonzalez. [cheering] [inaudible] Alright. Alright. Alright, l’m five foot three, fuck it, how you doin’ everybody? [shouts] Alright. There’s advantages to being short, right? Hell , yeah , l could get drunk quick. Two Bud Lites, l’m gone. [laughter] There’s advantages. l could stand under a table when there’s an earthquake. l could just stand there. You guys good over there? Yeah , l’m good over here. The bathroom of the airplane, l fit in there. Tall people, you don’t fit in there, huh? Your knees are hittin’ the door like that. Not me, that’s like my living room , man . l’m like woo! This flight is takin’ forever. Let me wash my hands real quick. One thing that sucks is that people always know what l am for Halloween . Tall people, you can fool your friends. You show up to the party, everybody’s like, Who’s Batman over there? l don’t know, but there’s Noe right there. Last year l dressed up as King Kong . My friends came up to me, Hey, you’re Curious George, huh , bro? Come here! So l was just watching the movie of exorcism of Emily Rose. Have you seen that movie? That’s a scary movie, man , because the devil could just pop into you at any time. l didn’t know he could do that. You know, she was just walking down the street, How you doin’? [groans] That guy stayed with her, (deep male voice) Honey, l love you , l don’t care! [groan] And then his friends would get mad , he would take her to parties, Hey dude, your chick is triping by the punchbowl , look. [laughter] Nobody wants to drink punch , bro, take her home. (deep male voice) Come on , honey, let’s get out of here. Only white people get possessed by the devil . l’ve seen the first two Exorcists movies, guys. Latinos, we don’t get possessed by the devil because our moms would beat the shit out of the devil . Our mom with el diablo, [speaks Spanish angrily] . Traeme el tapatio, con el tapatìo se sale el diablo. Con el tapatio– Hijo de la chingada! [unintelligible] . Speaking of the devil , l just broke up with my girlfriend . Sorry about that. lt was hard , man , because she had cable. [laughter] Man , she has N FL Preview, maybe l should wait till February. We’re always fighting . We got in a fight at six flags. We were right there in line for Superman , the ride. And there was these cholos in front of us, playing around with water guns, just shooting each other. They’re [psh psh] Go Raiders, hey! [psh psh] [laughter] And some water started splashing backward , right? She says, l’m getting wet, do something ! And l saw they were cholos, you know what l mean? So l was, like, Take it, bitch ! [laughter] We just got us splashed , you got drenched , you didn’t say nothing ! Now you want me to go do something? She says, Fine, if l get wet again , l’m gonna go do something . l go, Oh , shit. So an hour goes by, and the cholos they start playing around with the water guns– [psh psh] and she got wet again , (female voice) That’s it! She ran over there, she had a full Coke. And she threw it on the cholos, You like getting wet, huh? You like getting wet? You like getting wet? l’m running behind her going , No! ! [laughter] The cholos were standing there, all full of Coke, stunned , all sticky, Then they looked at me, Hey, bro, control your bitch ! l was, like, Whoa. See? l told you you were a bitch . Didn’t l tell you–? Hey, bro, l’m not even with her, dog . l don’t even know what l’m doing here, l can’t even get on the rides. Go, Raiders. So l just turned 30 like 4 years ago. All my friends pitched in , they gave me a Harley Davidson for my birthday. lt sucked because l couldn’t reach it. l took it back, tried to get it custom-sized , they gave me a Moped . Moped sucks, they have like no power. l couldn’t go over a speed bump– [imitates small motor] So l just got a little dog . l haven’t named it yet. l like the way white people name their pets. You name them after real people, like, this is my dog , Benjamin . Hi , Benji . Latinos we don’t really care what we name our pet, we’ll name it after any object. l went over my cousin’s house, he says l brought a neat dog . He’s right over there. Fierro! [laughter] Black people, they always get big old tough dogs. A pit bull , [barks] . l’ve never seen a black guy with a cat. [laughter] l’ve never seen a black guy in the trees, looking for his cat, (deep black male voice) Where you are, kitty, kitty! Come on , motherfucker, we goin’ for a walk, bitch ! Where’s my kitty? Come on , kitty, kitty?! Here, kitty, kitty. Here, kitty, kitty, kitty! Oh , kitty, kitty. [laughter] You guys have been a lot of fun ! Thank you very much , guys! Have a good time tonight, guys! Have a good time. Coming to the stage, a very funny man , please put your hands together for M r. Armando Cosio. Thank you . Hey, what’s up? Hey, how you doin’? l know, some of you are looking at me, saying , Hey, didn’t they kill him last week? [laughter] That’s Saddam , man , that’s him . They hung ‘im . Yeah , well , the rope broke. Some of you guys are saying , That guy should work out. Should jog after the ice cream man . That’s what my old lady says. You should jog after the ice cream man . l go, Ha ha, real funny. You know l can’t jog after the ice cream man . He parks in front of the house. [laughter] On purpose. He’s right there, Hey, the gordo lives right here. Go ahead , crank up the music, crank that up. Subele, subele. He’s gonna come out right now. And when he comes out, we’re gonna make them run , and we’re gonna take off. Here it comes, here it comes. Go! Go, go, go! And that’s just the guy with the pushcart and little bell on the handlebars– [pring , pring , pring] . l know how to stop them , though . But hey, Jose, l’m gonna call the green man on your ass if you don’t stop it. Okay, gordo, don’t–don’t fuck around , gordo, okay? Don’t mess around , goddamn it, you son of a bitch , hijo de tu pinche madre, ay goddamn it. l got childrens and everything so don’t fuck. l give you credit. And l’m like, Alright, man . Give me a Choco-Taco. lt’s a trip, man when on hot days he’s got beer in there. This is a guy that sells ice cream to our children . l say, Hey, Jose, what the hell is the beer for? No, no, tch , tch , tch . He forgets how to speak, he just blows air. Tch , tch , tch , ahh . Tch , tch , tch . [mumbles] Hot! lt is hot, goddamn it. lt’s hot. l know it’s hot but you got like a case and a half in there. No, cabron , it’s not just for me. lt for my friend , the elote man . The corn guy. You know the corn guy, the elote guy, yeah? [cheering] Yeah . Yeah . [cheering] Same horn , every neighborhood . [squeaking horn] [sings out] Elotes! Elotes! That guy– he parks in front of my house too. Aqui vive el gordo? No, the gordo lives right here. He lives right here. Oh , l got a special horn for him . No, not the [unintelligible] . No, no, a special horn for him . Watch , watch . [squeaky gordo, gordo, gordo] Son of a bitch . Man . And l’ve been married for 32 years, so you know how that is. Yeah . Have to role-play with her and everything . The other day we had sex dolphin-style. You guys ever try dolphin style? Okay, dolphin style is like doggy style but if you hit the wrong opening , she’s gonna go, [eee eee eee] You guys have been a lot of fun , guys, thank you very much . Orale, Bakersfield ! [cheering , whistling]"], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/11/07/gabriel-iglesias-hot-and-fluffy-2007-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "DAVE CHAPPELLE: KILLIN THEM SOFTLY (2000) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "May 19th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["DAVE CHAPPELLE", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Wooo! Ya’ll gone make me lose my mind. Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me throw her out. Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me act a fool. Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me lose my cool. Up in here! Up in here! From the historic Lincoln Theater in Washington DC. Dave Chappelle!", "Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. All right. No really. Boy. Well, it’s good to come home, boy. I swear. I know, man. It’s been a while. It’s been a while. Hey. ", "DC is different", ". I’ve been gone, man. It took me years to be able to do the show. Boy, DC has changed. It’s different now. There’s a lot of white people walking around, isn’t there? I mean I left DC in the 80s. It was not like this in the 80s. When crack was going on. Remember when crack was going on? White people would be looking at DC from Virginia with binoculars. Boy, that looks dangerous. Not yet. New white people. You can’t scare these white people. I tried. You roll up on ’em: BOO! What the hell is wrong with you? Those days are over. I’m glad that were doing a show here by Howard, you know. You see like white people come out. And that’s good.", "One thing I’m seeing. Ever be walking down the street. And you see like a group of black dudes walking. Not just any black dudes. We’re talking, you know, ", "thugs", ". Talking, you know. They’ll be some thugs, man. And in the group, in the group they got like one or two or sometimes as many as three white guys. Ever see this shit? Let me tell you something about those white guys. Those white guys are the most dangerous motherfuckers in that group. It’s true. It’s true, man. Ain’t no telling what they done to get those black dudes’ respect. But those black dudes have seen them do some wild shit. I’ll tell you that. I’ve been trying to tell brothers that. Every group of brothers should have at least one white guy in it. I’m serious. For safety. Because when ship goes down.. Somebody’s gonna need to talk to the police. I mean that’s when that… That’s when that white friend comes in handy. Uh-oh. Ernie, wanna get this one for me. Come on now. Come on now. Do something.", "The black people are very ", "afraid of the police", ". That’s a big part of our culture. No matter how rich you are. No matter how old you are. We’re just afraid of them. We got every reason to be afraid of them. You know what I mean. You’re a white lady. You ever been pulled over before? What do they say? Let me see your drivers license and your registration, right? See? See I’m just guessing. That’s not what they say to us. You wouldn’t believe what they say to us. Spread your cheeks and lick your sack! Like what the heck? Excuse me? You heard me. Spread open your cheeks and lift your sack. I got a driver’s license too. It’s an easier way to prove who I am, isn’t it? What does that prove? I can’t go to the bank like that cash my check. What you mean, I don’t have my ID. Wait a minute. Oh. Oh, I’m sorry, Mr. Chappelle. Right this way. Why didn’t you spread your cheeks when you came in here? Scared of them. I’m serious, man. There will be a red light. The police might pull up next to you. It won’t be no big deal for you. But I’m fucking fall apart hard. Don’t look over there. No no no.", "\nBut I didn’t always know. It was a black thing. It took me a while to figure that out. I learned that shit when I was in New York. I was in New York City. Now I was hanging out with a friend of mine. He was a white guy. We was hanging out. We were ", "lost in the city", ". You know, smoke a joint. I don’t know if it was a coincidence. We were lost and high and shit. My white buddy, he was smoking a joint. Dave. Dave! It’s the God damned cops. I’m gonna ask them for directions I said Chip, no! Chip, don’t do it! It was too late. He was walking over there. This man was high as shit. Excuse me. Excuse me, sir. Excuse me!!! I need some information. He starts confessing things he shouldn’t confess. I’m a little high. All I wanna know… which way is 3rd Street? The cop is like, hey, take it easy. You’re on Third Street. You better be careful. Go ahead. Move it. Move it. That’s all that happened. It’s the end of the story. Now I know that’s not amazing to some of you. But you ask one of these black fellows, that shit is fucking incredible, isn’t it?", "\nA black man would never dream of ", "talking to the police high", ". That’s a waste of weed. Serious. I’m scared to talk to the police when I’m sleepy. Fuck around and get the wrong idea or something. Oo-oh! Oh my God! That nigga was on PCP, Johnson. I had to use necessary force. You saw him. No, no paperwork. Just sprinkle some crack on him. Let’s get out of here. That’s how it is. But at the time I didn’t think there was anything racial about it. I was like, man, Chip. You got fucking lucky. You better be careful.", "But then another time, me and Chip were driving. No I’m not driving. ", "Chip is driving", ". And he’s driving a little crazy. He’s been drinking. I don’t like to let my friends drive drunk. But you know I was smoking a joint. I couldn’t really say shit to the guy. Now we get to a red light. We stop at a red light. And a cop pulls up next to us. And I’ll never forget it. Chip looks at me and goes. He’s all drunk and he’s like “Dave…” I’m going to race him. I knew it was a bad idea. But I was high. I tried to explain to him that it was a bad idea. But all that came out was… Well, maybe sometimes we gotta race? All right! Man, that light turned green. And Chip took off. Zig-zagging and shit so no one could pass him. The other car didn’t know it was racing. Then the police seen us. And pulled us over. You understand I’m scared as shit. I mean, come on. The car smells like weed. He was speeding. This man is fucking drunk. I’m scared. Chip was not scared at all. It was weird. He didn’t even turn his radio down. Isn’t that weird, a little bit? I mean you get pulled over, wouldn’t you turn your radio down? Nobody wants to get their ass beat for a soundtrack and shit. You know what I’m saying? Chip in the music blasting. ", "We’re not gonna take it", ". Earlier today, just relax. Close your butt cheeks. Relax. Let me do the talking. You wanna know what he said? This is almost exactly what he said. I couldn’t believe it. He says. “Sorry, officer, I… I didn’t know I couldn’t do that.” I was fucking shocked! The cop said, well now you know. Get outta here. Get the fuck outta here. Chip said, okay. “I will, sir. Thank you. What? What’s wrong with you, Dave? I didn’t know I couldn’t do that.” He said, “that was good, wasn’t it? Because I didn’t know I couldn’t do that.” I’m shocked. I wasn’t shocked at the audacity. I was just shocked because I would’ve never thought to say that. I don’t think anybody I knew would think to say that because they know we know the law.", "\nEvery black dude in this room is a qualified paralegal and shit. He knows the law. If one of us even start to do something wrong, an old black man would pop out of nowhere. Nigga, don’t do that. That’s 5 to 10. Watch out. We know the laws and the penalties. Chip didn’t even know he couldn’t race. I’m not saying I don’t like police. I’m not saying that. I’m saying I’m just scared of them. Nothing wrong with that. Sometimes we want to call them too. Somebody broke into my house once. This is a good time to call him. But I went, I don’t know. The house is too nice. It ain’t a real nice house but they’ll never believe I live in it. They’d be, he’s still here! Oh my God. Open and shut case. Johnson. I saw this once before when I was a rookie. Apparently this nigga broke in and hung up pictures of his family everywhere. Well, let’s sprinkle some crack on him and get out of here.", "That’s that whole brutality thing. That’s common knowledge, man. There was a time when only minorities knew about that. I won’t say whites wouldn’t believe us. But they were a little skeptical. A little skeptical. I mean I don’t blame you. Even ", "Newsweek", " printed it. It was in ", "Newsweek", ". White people were like, oh my God! Honey, did you see this? Apparently the police have been beating up negroes like hot cakes. It’s in the May issue. I mean really how could you know about that? How could anyone else know? You know. Maybe he should have seen something a little suspicious. Doesn’t that seem a little suspicious? Every dead black person in a police van has crack sprinkled on them? Come on, man. Come on, man. Who get shot and sprinkles crack on themselves? Nobody would do that. BAM! Oww! Oww!", "I don’t want to leave no mysteries. I’m a paranoid guy, you know. ", "I’m afraid to call 911", " for anything. If it’s like a fire or anything. Because they tape those phone calls. I see the shows. They tape them. And then they play on television. That’s fucked up. Now I’ll say anything if I’m scared. That shit is private. You’re on your own. What if I get killed? They start playing that 911 tape on the news. I’m dead. I can’t explain myself to my buddies. We was watching the news. We have Reg Chapman on the scene. Reg? What’s going on out there? It always takes the guy on the scene a minute. Hi, Bob! Hi yes. We just got hold of a copy of Dave Chappelle’s frantic 911 emergency call. Remember, viewers, some of this language is disturbing. “Hello. Emergency?” “Help!” “Help, motherfucker! They’re coming to get me!” “Just calm down, sir. Where are ya?” “Oh, oh, I shit on myself.” “I can’t stop cryin’.” They play that shit 30, 40 times a day. All my buddies will be at my funeral looking at me. “You know Dave shit on himself, right?” I saw it on the news. “Died crying like a bitch” I’ll be dead, I can’t even defend myself. That’s not a nice thing to do. That’s not a nice thing to do. I mean, it’s a 9-1-1 tape. How do they expect you to sound? Of course you gon’ be scared. It’s an emergency. There’s nobody calls 9-1-1 cool and relaxed. Now that shit would sound ridiculous, wouldn’t it? “Hello, emergency.” “Hi!” Hey, 9-1-1. how are ya? Yeah, uh, look, there’s a group of hooded white men gathering outside of my house. And it looks like they mean business. “GET OUT HERE Nigga!” “I gotta go.” “You guys try and hurry.”", "Too much pressure. That’s my problem: I can’t… ", "I can’t handle pressure", ". Sometimes pressure makes me talk different. I’m serious. Have you ever had that social pressure… have you ever talk to someone who’s fake? And they make you fake? Like, that guy would be like: “Hey, how ya doin’?” And you’re like: “Fine, how are you?” I don’t even talk like that. I get sick of that shit. I do it and it just makes me sick. Sometimes I’ll talk crazy just to make myself feel better. Do y’all do that? You start talking like crazy. You ever hear this voice? “MAH.” That’s how bad guys used to talk in the 40’s, in the old days. See, I used… I talk like that. Not all the time, but if somebody put the pressure on me, fuck it. I gotta cut loose. When the police pull me over I’ll talk like crazy. “Son? Son. Do you know why we pulled you over?” “Nyah. Cause I’m black, see! That’s right. MAAAH!” I do it. It’s not illegal to talk like that. How do they know I don’t talk like that every day? “Stop talking like that.” “Stop talking like what, copper? Mah. That’s how I talk, see.”", "You gotta make life interesting like that cause the shit is flimsy. Life is flimsy. You… you think you’re gonna live, but ain’t nobody gon’ live forever. It’s dangerous out here. We know what’s going on. I travel now, you know. I used to think that D.C. had the roughest ghettos in the country. Nah, nigga. Mm-mmm. I have seen some shit now. Oh, there’s some rough, rough areas outside of D.C. Yeah, everybody should go to the ", "ghetto", ". I was taken to the ghetto one time. That’s the worst: When you get taken and you’re not expecting to go. You know, usually you wanna know when you’re going to the ghetto, like, “I’m gonna see some wild shit.” I gotta prepare myself. “I’m gonna see somethin’ crazy.” When you’re taken, it’s different. I had a limousine driver. It was after a show, it was late at night, it was like 3:00 in the morning. I had a limousine driver, he was a nice guy, talking to me and shit. “Oh, hey, where you from, dawg?” D.C.? Word? “That’s a rough city, man.” Then his cell phone started ringing. “Hold on one second.” Hello? Oh, what’s up, nigga? What? What the fuck? Slow down. What? What the FUCK?! No! No! Noooo! Fuck that! Nigga, FUCK IT! I’m on my way! Hey. Hey. “I gotta make a stop real quick.” At 3:00 in the morning… I didn’t know he was taking me to the ghetto at first. I started looking out the window, I was like, “What the fuck?” There was a gun store, gun store, liquor store, gun store. “Where the fuck you takin’ me?!” “This don’t look good.” He didn’t say shit. He just pulled up in front of an old, rickety building. That looked like a project. Now, I never been there before, I’m not sure if it was a project. But it certainly had all the familiar symptoms of a project. A fucking crackhead ran this way. And then another one jumped out a tree and shit. The driver said, “I’ll be right back,” and left me. Took the keys with him, he just left me. At 3:00 in the morning, in front of a project, in a fucking limousine. This was not good. I was like, “Man, I gotta look around and see if I” can see some landmarks and figure out where I’m at. I have to escape on foot.", "\nNow this is when I knew I was in a bad neighborhood. You only see this in the worst neighborhoods. Remember, it’s 3:00 in the morning. It’s 3:00 in the morning. I look out the window… There was a fucking ", "baby standing on a corner", ". For real. And the baby… the baby didn’t even look scared. It was just standing there. I mean, it made me sad. It made me sad, really, cause… You know what I mean? Cause I wanted to help the baby. I was like, “Mm-mmm, I don’t trust you either. I’m sorry.” Click. CLICK! The old baby on the corner trick, eh? Not gonna fall for that shit. So where’s this limousine driver? You know, I start feeling bad. As time goes by, I start feeling worse. Like, “Man, what is wrong with me? What the hell is wrong?” I am scared of a baby. You know, this baby could be in trouble. He might need my help. I gotta do something. But I wasn’t gonna get out the car. I’m serious, man. I just cracked the window a little bit. It was an old limousine. I could roll it down and shit. “Hey, baby!” Baby, go home, man. It’s 3:00 in the morning. What the FUCK are you doing up?! The baby said, “I’m selling weed, nigga!” I said, “Ohhh shit.” I wasn’t expecting that. I’m serious. I had to buy two bags from him to calm my nerves. “Let me get two. Let me get two times.” Got back in the car and rolled me a joint. That shit was scary, man. Every once in a while, like, a crackhead would come up to the car and look in the window. It was like Jurassic Park and shit. He’d be looking around the car… “All right. Get outta here, cracky.” That baby was still standing there, man. I was like, “What the… “. Then I started feeling bad again. You know how weed make you feel guilty sometimes. You be like… “Man, what is wrong with me, man?” I have just bought weed from an infant. I can’t condone this kind of behavior. What am I thinking? I can’t let the fear ruin my morals. “Gotta do something.” “Hey baby.” Stop selling weed. “You got your whole life ahead of you.” He said, “FUCK you, nigga! I got kids to feed.” I was like, “God DAMN.”", "Sad. Now just at that very moment, one of the crackheads was running across the street and got hit by a car. Now I know it was a hit-and-run: The police did it. That’s all right. They sprinkled some crack on him and he got back up. I’ll be seeing that kind of shit, man? It’s what it is. They use the TV to program us, from a young age. You ever watch, like, a cartoon that you used to watch when you were little as an adult? That shit is wild shit.. Some wild shit. I mean, I was with my nephew. We’re sitting there, we’re ", "watching Pepé Le Pew", ". And I say to my nephew, I said “Now pay attention to this guy cause he’s funny.” I used to watch him when I was little.” And we’re watching Pepé Le Pew and I’m old now. And I’m like “Good God…” what kind of fucking racist is this guy? Like “take it easy, Pepé.” My nephew was sitting there cracking up: “Hehehe.” See? Sometimes you gotta take the pussy like Pepé. You’re like “No!” Nooo! I had to turn the channel real quick.", "\nI turn on ", "Sesame Street", " and I say (phew) “Sesame Street.” This is much better cause now he’ll learn how to count and spell.” But now I’m watching it as an adult and I realize Sesame Street teaches kids other things: It teaches kids how to judge people and label people. That’s right. They got a character on there named Oscar… and treat this guy like shit the entire show. They judge him right in his face. “Oscar, you are so mean. Isn’t he, kids?” “Yeah, Oscar. You’re a grouch.” He’s like, “BITCH, I live in a FUCKING trash can!” I’m the poorest motherfucker on Sesame Street! “Nobody’s helping me.” Then you wonder why the kids roll up and step over homeless people. “Get it together, Grouch.” “Get a job, Grouch.”", "\nSo don’t even tell me how to get to Sesame Street. It’s a terrible place. I wouldn’t go there if I knew the way. Who would wanna live in a neighborhood like that? Fucking six-foot pigeons walking around and… and elephant that’s a junkie. “HI, BIRD.” Yeah, that’s right. Snuffy! “HI, BIRD. I’m sick. I need some smack, BIRD.” The Cookie Monster with his eyes popping out of his head, screaming: “Cookie cookie cookie!” You’re like, “Ergh!” What kind of cookies are you talking about? “Chocolate chips don’t do that to people.” And they had the nerve to put a pimp on there. They didn’t come out and say he was a pimp, but I know a pimp when I see one. They called him The Count. Had a cape and everything. You’d have seen him pimping. “Bitch, where is my money?” You’ve been late four times. I’ve been counting. How many times must I smack you before you act right? One! Two! TWO SMACKS! “Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, ah, ahhhh…”", "That’s the thing. There’s so many stuff… there’s just so much stuff to worry about. You know, the more you know, the more you don’t know and shit. You know. Like a lot of people are telling me, “Dave, you know, you just gotta relax. That racism thing has been bugging you too much.” I’ll be thinking about it. Sometimes shit will happen. You know. A lot of black people will relate to this. Have you ever had something happen that was ", "so racist that you didn’t even get mad", "? It’s like, “Goddamn. That was rac… that was racist.” I mean it was so blatant, you were just like “Wow!” Like you were almost like, it didn’t even happen to you. It was like a fucking movie. That was like you were just watching ", "Mississippi Burning", ": “Wooow.” That happened to me. I was in Mississippi. I was in Mississippi doing a show. And I go to the restaurant to order some food. And, I say to the guy… I say: “I would like to have…” And before I even my sentence, he says: ", "“The CHICKEN.”", " I was like, “What the… fuck.” I could not believe it. I could not believe that shit. This man was absolutely right. I said, “How did he know…” that I was going to get some chicken?” I asked him. I said, “How did you know that?” How did you know I was going to get some chicken?” He looked at me like I was crazy. He said, “Come on, buddy. COME ON, BUDDY.” Now everybody knew that as soon as you walked through the goddamn door… you were gonna get some chicken. It ain’t no secret down here “that blacks and chickens are quite fond of one another.” And then I finally understood what he was saying, and I got upset. I wasn’t even mad. I was just upset. I wasn’t ready to hear that shit. All these years, I thought I liked chicken because it was delicious. Turns out I’m genetically predisposed to liking chicken. That shit is whack. I got no say in the matter. That guy ruined chicken for me. I’m scared to eat it in public. I don’t want someone to see me and say something. You know what I mean? You’ll be eating some chicken: (CRUNCH) (crunch) (crunch-crunch) “Look at him.” He loves it. Just like it said in the encyclopedia. “Look how happy he looks.”", "Sometimes, that’s gonna be too much to deal with. That show business be crazy. That’s where the ", "cultures", " really collide. Show business bring a lot of races together. Sometimes it works, sometimes it don’t. This is one thing that happens that’s funny. You sometimes I’ll be on a business call, right? You know, like, with… with a lawyer or something. You know, my lawyers be white. And uh… So like, we’ll be on a call, right? And they’ll be like: “OK, Dave, we’re gonna close the deal.” Is that fine with you? I’ll be, like, “Yeah, that’s good for me.” “Great! Great. You have a good weekend, Dave.” I’ll be like, “Alright. You too, man. Peace.” “Uh… all right now. Bye-bye.” They don’t know what to say, right? So sometimes I’ll make up shit that’s not even slang. Just to see how they handle it and shit. It’ll be the same thing, they just go: “All right, we’re gonna close the deal. Is that fine with you, Dave?” “Yeah, it sounds good to me.” “Great. You have a good weekend, Dave.” “All right, buddy. Zip it up, and zip it out.” He’ll be like… “Uh…” All right. “Zippity-doo-dah, bye-BYE.”", "Sometimes, you know, ", "sometimes racism works out in black people’s favor", ". It doesn’t happen often. It happens very rarely. But… when it happens, it is fucking sweet. I’m serious. One time, racism saved my life, man. I was… I was on a plane. I was c… I was coming from overseas. And… I don’t know how this guy got a machine gun on the plane, but he stood up, man. He said: “Everybody! Get on the fucking ground.” NOBODY LOOK AT MY FACE!” I started freaking out. Cause he was Chinese. I was like, “Why is he talking like that?” He was screaming and crying. I was the only brother on the plane. Well, I thought I was the only brother. I looked over, there was one other black dude. He was from Nigeria. I looked over at him, he was looking right at my face, man. He didn’t say two words, he was like: He didn’t need to talk. I knew just what he was talking about. I looked right back at him. I was like (gives thumbs up) Some white dudes on the front of the plane seen us. They were like: “Oh my God.” “I think those black guys are gonna try to save us.” Nuh-MMMM. We were just communicating that we understood the situation. We were both seeing the same thing. What we understood was simple. ", "Terrorists don’t take black hostages", ". That’s the truth. I have yet to see one of us on the news reading a hostage letter. “Mm.” They is treating us good. Uh, we all chillin’ and shit. I’d like to give a shout out to Ray-Ray and Big Steve in… “Newport.” You’re not gonna see it. Terrorists are smart. They know what they’re doing. They’re, you know… They’re terrorists. They know that black people is bad bargaining chips. They call the White House, they say: “Hello.” We have got five black… “Hello?”", "We be back in D.C. You know what I was thinking, man? This… This is an ", "election year", ". I’mma ask you, you’re a white guy, do you know who you’re voting for yet? Don’t know, do you? Now you see that? You see what just happened here? Let me tell you something, that is a cultural thing. He knows who he’s gonna vote for. He’s just not gonna tell me. See? I’ve noticed that. That is a cultural thing. White people do not like to talk about their political affiliations. It’s a secret. You ever ask a white guy who he’s voting for? “Hey, Bob. Uh, Bob. Who you gonna vote for?” “Dave, Dave! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.” Mmmm… Take it easy now. Take it easy. So anyway, um… I was fucking my wife in her ass, right? And… and… “I mean, it was something else.” “Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but… but who are you voting for?” “Dave!” Dave, come on with the voting. I’m trying to tell you about how I fucking my wife. “And you’re asking me all these personal questions.” They don’t like to divulge that information… cause it matters to them.", "\nBlack people talk about that shit. Black people will openly talk about politics. Black people will openly talk about beating up politicians and shit. “If I see George Bush, I’ll kick his motherfucking ass for cutting my Medicaid.” They don’t care. They’ll just say it. Black people will just say it. But there’s a reason for that. Because it matters more.. It matters more. Black people… see, even when I vote, right, which I don’t, but… but even when I like think about like who I would vote for, right? I don’t even look at their political policies. I just look at their character. You know what I’m saying now? You gotta… no, I’m serious. You gotta read between the lines.", "Like you know, you look at ", "Clinton", ". And black people like Clinton. I saw one thing on the campaign trail. He actually just picked a black baby up and kissed him… “Come here, little nigga baby.” Mwah! Just kissing him. I said, “Mmmm-hmmm!” I like that. He did not hesitate or nothing. You see George Bush Jr. He’d be like: (kiss) “Ew.” That was fun. Like see I’d never vote for George Bush Jr. But I don’t know George Bush Jr.’s politics. The only thing I know about is that that guy sniffed cocaine. That’s right. Now listen, we cannot have that shit in the White House. That might be fine for a mayor, but goddamn it, not in the White House. Not in the White House. Mmm-mmmm. You hear what I’m saying? The stakes are too high in the White House. Can’t have no cokehead president, mm-mmm. He’d be selling nuclear secrets for 20, 30 dollars and shit. He’d be at meetings, embarrassing America. “Come on.” Sign the treaty, baby. “I’ll suck your dick.” Like what the…? “Mr. President!” Mr. President, that is not how we do business here, sir. “Stop sucking the ambassador’s dick.” “No, let him finish.” I will sign the treaty. “There will be peace in Israel, finally.”", "\nI’d vote for Clinton again if I could. At least… It’s always better… Now again, I’m not looking at his politics. Don’t know what his politics are. I’m just looking at his behavior. I understand that kind of behavior. I know a lot of dudes with them shortcomings. Weed smoking fornicators, there’s a lot of them. I mean, come on now. Let’s… let’s be honest. Let’s be honest. Bill Clinton was not the first president to do what he did. Now let’s just… let’s just… let’s think back for a minute. Remember a guy named… named ", "Kennedy", "? John F. Kennedy. Remember him? He fucked Marilyn Monroe. Matter of fact, him and his brother Bobby fucked Marilyn Monroe. And history doesn’t talk about that much. You know why history doesn’t talk about that much? Because those two pages in history are stuck together. They was gettin’ it on. They were gettin’ it on. I seen the tapes. Remember the tapes? She be singing all nasty as his party, stressin’ him out and shit. “Hap-py birth-day. Mis-ter Pre-si-dent.” “Bitch, my family’s here. Mm-mmm.”", "\nClinton did the same thing, but he didn’t do it like that. Because it’s the year 2000. He’s busier than Kennedy was. He was a busy man. Clinton did that kind of thing the way busy men do it. You know what busy men do? They fuck who’s close to them. I could tell that was what Clinton was up to. Looked like he just stuck his head out the office door and shit. “Ehh, oh boy!” You! You, come here. Come here. I need my penis sucked before my 3:30. Come on. “Oh, boy.” He was probably looking at Kennedy’s picture and shit. “Oh.” (salute) And then to top it off, he lied. Which I thought was just… I thought that was special. I did, man. I know how he did. I’ve been accused of having sex with a girl I did not have sex with before. And let me tell you something, that shit is infuriating. You ever go through that? You know, it’ll make you crazy. You’ll be screaming at your best friends. “I didn’t touch that bitch! Nigga, I’ll kill you!” Fuck you, nigga! I’ll kill you! Please believe me. PLEASE BELIEVE ME! But Clinton didn’t do it like that, did he? Clinton came out at the press conference all relaxed. His shoulder’s all relaxed, looked like he just got done fucking or some shit. “Listen.” Let me tell you something, America. I don’t think you heard me the first time. I did not… have… sexual… relations… with that woman! (sniffs finger) Miss Lewinsky! You know he did it. You know he did it. Everybody knew what that finger smelled like. Nobody cared. Nobody cared. We all watched. We was disgusted but we kept watching the news. I know I did. I was taping it. See, I’d be at the crib like: “Baby, turn the lights off. News is coming on.”", "\nEvery week on “60 Minutes,” it was a different girl accusing Clinton. Remember when Kathleen Willey came out? She was upset. “The president…” called me into his office. He… began… massaging my breasts… slowly. I’m sorry. And then he placed, my hand… On his genitals. Ed Bradley was shocked. Ohhh! “Was he aroused?” I was at home like, “Yeaaah, was he aroused?” And then Ed Bradley looked right in the camera, he said. “Don’t bust that nut yet. We’ll be right back.” Oh, man. The news had never been so good. But there were no victims. There were no victims.", "Only one I feel sorry for is that, uh, ", "Lewinsky.", " I feel little sorry for her. Don’t y’all feel a little sorry for her at all? Audience: NO! Goddamn, y’all, come on now. Have a heart. That’s a hard thing to be famous for, you know. Ain’t nobody want to be the most famous cocksucker of all times and shit. I feel bad for her. Not even the women feel sorry for her? A little bit, ladies? Women: NO! Now that’s jealousy. That’s what that is. I mean, come on, y’all. That’s one dick that that girl sucked that’s gonna haunt her for the rest of her life. Long after she’s spent that money up, that’s still gonna haunt her. And I know there’s a lot of women in here with at least one dick they regret. And I bet you it wasn’t a president’s dick. I bet you he worked at Kinney shoes or Safeway or some shit like that. Don’t go judging her. Don’t go judging her. See, we gotta stop judging people. That girl was young, and she made a mistake that young girls make. She wanted to fuck a powerful man. Period. That’s as far as she thought it through. She wasn’t thinking about how powerful the president was. She had no wisdom. An older woman would’ve helped everybody. An older woman would’ve been in there. “You know, um, you should lower taxes.” You know what I’m s… An older woman would’ve sucked us into Utopia. The last thing I’m gonna say about it is this: He is a famous man. I have dreamt of being famous, but I never dreamt of being that famous. I never understood how famous a president was. But imagine if someone could suck your dick and then they’re famous. You understand what I’m saying? That’s crazy. That’s crazy. I mean, no guy ever thought of that. There’s nobody with a pickup line that good and shit. “Hey, suck my dick. There’s a future in it.” “Oh, that’s it.” Now get out there and be somebody! Go write a book. You’re a qualified author now. Go write a book. Shit, I’m in the wrong business. I should be the president. Shit, I’m in the wrong business.", "See the only reason why I want to be the president is because I’m black, that’d make it too hot for me. I mean you know… I mean, ", "there could be a black president one day", ", but… You don’t wanna be the first one. I mean the second or third is fine, but… That first nigga better watch out. I’mma tell you that right now. Too hot. I mean I’d be the first black president. I don’t think that nobody would really, really hurt me. I’m sure somebody’d want to hurt me. But I don’t think they’d touch me. Cause uh… Cause my vice president will be Mexican for a little insurance. You know what I’m saying? I mean, you could shoot me if you want. But you’re just gonna open the border up. You might as well leave me and Vice President Santiago to our own devices. “Ain’t that right, Santiago?” “Si! Siii!” “Elián can stay…” Don’t worry, don’t worry. I ain’t got no Elián jokes. All I’ll say about Elián is thank God he’s Cuban. Cause if he was Haitian, you would’ve never heard about his ass. Mm-mmm. If Elián Gonzalez was Elián Lemumbo from Haiti, they’d have pushed that rubber tube right back and say: “Sorry, fella. All full. Good luck.”", "The only thing in our society that bothers me the most is the way that ", "men and women don’t get along no more", ". That’s really what’s bugging me about it. Men and women just don’t get along. Like I hear women say this all the time. I know a lot of you sisters be like: “Chivalry is dead.” Don’t y’all feel that way? Like men aren’t gentlemen anymore? That’s right: ", "Chivalry is dead", ". And women killed it. There’s a fundamental difference in the way we’re gonna see things. We’re not gonna see eye to eye on this issue. We’re just not. Our tests in life are different. A woman’s test in life is material. A man’s test in life is a woman. Now by test, I mean that those are the things that we desire. Men have nice cars. Not cause they like nice cars. Because they know women like nice cars. That’s how it goes. Cause men are hunters. And the car is the bait. And a woman comes up and says: “Ooh, nice Porsche.” “Gotcha, bitch!” That’s how it is. That’s true. Come on, man. You go to a woman’s house, her house will be comfortable as shit. Women love comfortable surroundings. So men get comfortable surroundings. Let me tell you something: If a man could fuck a woman in a cardboard box, he wouldn’t buy a house. But that’s still not where chivalry got killed.", "\nChivalry got killed by the ", "feminist movement", " on all them ", "magazines", " that got women going crazy, because women got too much advice about men from other women. And they don’t know what the fuck they’re talking about. And it’s true. I see the shit in the magazines. I don’t read ’em, but I be seeing the cover. You ever be in the grocery store, fellas, you look at one of them magazines like “What is this?” And it say on the cover: “A hundred ways to please your man” by… some lady. Get outta here, man. Come on. Ain’t no hundred ways. That list is four things long. Just suck his dick, play with his balls, then fix him a sandwich and don’t talk so much. And they’re gon’ be happy. That’s it.", "And then the ", "magazines trick the women", ". The magazines start picking at your self-esteem. Every page you turn, you start feeling fatter, and uglier. And you feel like your clothes aren’t good enough. And the magazines have you forgetting how fucking beautiful you are. And that’s what happens. Now look what happens. And then you forget how beautiful you are, and we all suffer. If pussy was a stock, it would be plummeting right now because you’ve flooded the market with it. You’re giving it away too easy. I’m just… being truthful. I’m just talking. It would plummet! We’d be watching the news. “Today, pussy plummeted again on the NASDAQ.” “Gold is up ten points.”", "You can see it. You ever have this happen? ", "This is how confusing it is.", " This is the practical application of what I’m talking about. Like a guy will be out… this happens a lot, guys. You’ll be at a club, a bar, right? You’re just kicking it with your boys, and a girl walks by, and, man, she looks good. She looks good. Not good in that classical way. I mean, you know, I’m talking good like, she got half her ass hanging out her skirt. Her titties are all mashed together… Popping out the top of her turtleneck and shit. And you’re with your buddies, right? You’re with your buddies, you got a couple of drinks in you. And you see a girl. You might try to talk to her. It just might not come out right. I don’t know what you’d say to her: “DAMN, look at them titties!” The girl gets mad at you. “Oh, uh-uhh. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute!” ", "Just because I’m dressed this way, does NOT… “Make me a whore.”", " Which is true. Gentlemen, that is true. Just because they dress a certain way doesn’t mean they are a certain way. Don’t ever forget it. But, ladies, you must understand that that is fucking confusing. It just is. Now that would be like me, Dave Chappelle the comedian, walking around the streets in a cop uniform. Somebody might run up on me. “Oh, thank God.” Officer, help us. Come on. They’re over here. “Help us!” I’m not gonna be like: “Oh!” Just because I’m dressed this way does not make me a police officer.” You understand what I’m saying? It’s like, “All right, lady, fine, fine.” You are not a whore. “But you are wearing a whore’s uniform, I’ll tell you that shit right now.”", "Little ", "misunderstandings", " can happen. And then, man, we misunderstand women a lot. You know, ", "we always undermine their feelings", ". You can’t do that to them. You can’t because… see, feelings are… You see? They’re clapping. Feelings are very important to women. They are all-important to women. I’m just learning this shit. Everything is based on how they “feel”. You could hear it when they tell stories. You ever tell… when a man tells a story, it’d be just facts: Who, what, when, where, why. “It was me and Bob.” We was at Safeway, then that nigga Bob said this. “Then I punched that nigga, then I broke out.” That’s the story. That’s the story. Women tell stories, and all these feelings come out… “Well, first of all, you have to understand, I was on my period. And I had just talked to my mother, so I was feeling like… “. Goddamn, so many feelings. What the fuck happened? Get to it. Get to it. But they gotta talk about ’em. They gotta talk about ’em.", "\nThat’s how they always get me. I’ll be sitting there, watching TV, chilling and shit. My old lady come up to me: ", "“David, we need to talk.”", " “FUCK!” I don’t say that out loud. That’s how I feel inside. Because I know every time we need to talk, we need to talk about some shit that I gotta do. We don’t ever have to talk about anything she needs to do. She leaves me defenseless. I have to do what I have to do. “David, we need to talk.” “Mah.” “Don’t do that to me, David. This is serious. Stop talking in that voice.” “No, see!” I gotta do this, see! “Maaaah! Seeeee.”", "I complain, but I’m happy that I’m with somebody. I don’t wanna be… I don’t wanna be single. I don’t like that. Sometimes, you go to them single clubs, you see too much. See I was on the road, one club, and I seen… I see a thing they call a ", "“thong contest”", ". Man: YES! Yeah, I’ve seen a thong contest. Man: SCANDALOUS. Yeah, it’s some scandalous shit, all right. I couldn’t get over that, man. Cause the DJ, you know, I was dancing with a girl, the DJ says: “Everybody who wants to be in the thong contest, please report to the DJ booth.” Girls like, “Excuse me.” They put on that song. “Let me see some THONG thong thong THONG thong.” thong.” Them girls was going off! Some of them pulling their pants down. Some of them pull their skirts up. All of them shaking their butts. Some of them didn’t even have underwear on. They were just fucking shaking their butts. I mean, really, I was fucking disgusted. But I couldn’t turn away. For the squeamish, please plug your ears. All right. One of the girls gets so into it. There’s no cops around, right? But she actually, sorry to tell y’all this, she spreads her buttcheeks open. She spreads her buttcheeks open in the middle of a crowded disco. Right? I was disgusted cause I was like ten yards away from her and I was like, “Oh my, GOD.” “Is that her… is that her birth canal?” Oh it gets worse. I’m like, “Good God almighty, is that a… is that a baby?!” I know, that’s gross. It’s gross. Cause it was a baby. It was the same baby from the projects. He’s like, “I snuck in the club, nigga!” I got that weed if you need me. Just pat her on the ass and I’ll come out.", "All right, guys, thank you very much. Thank you all. Good night. Woo! Ya’ll gone make me lose my mind. Up in here! Up in here! Good night. Good night! Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me act a fool. Up in here! Up in here! Y’all gone make me lose my cool. Up in here! Up in here!"], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/05/19/dave-chappelle-killin-softly-2000-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "RICHARD PRYOR: LIVE ON THE SUNSET STRIP (1982) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "April 26th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["Richard Pryor", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Recorded at the Circle Star Theater in San Carlos, California, in 1981 and at The Hollywood Palladium in Hollywood, California, in 1982.", "Ladies and gentlemen, live on the Sunset Strip, Richard Pryor!", "“Women”", "\nWe are gathered here today… to make sure… everyone eats. If not each other… food. I was gonna talk about something that’s very serious… and I hope no one gets offended. I wanna talk ", "about fucking", ". And sometimes I talk about it. And a lot of people in the audience… don’t know what I mean. So would you raise your hand it you don’t know what fucking is… so we can watch your ass when you leave here? Because not enough fuckin’… goin’ on in America. Americans. Reagan get in, you stop fuckin’. We fucked when Carter was in. We fucked all the time. There wasn’t nothin’ else to do. “Hey. Let’s fuck.” President makin’ a speech. “Let’s fuck.” Reagan in. Now. Everybody listen to this motherfucker. “We can’t fuck now.” I say get them last few fucks in now. See. I know one of the advantages. When you’re in show business, the little extra treat you get… is that you get pussy. And, you know… the great pussy drought of the ’50s? I was caught up in that motherfucker. I’m talkin’ about… I discovered masturbating by accident. I’m not lying. I was about ten. I was in the tub. And that’s when you used to have to hold your dick with two fingers. You remember when you was little like that? Right? I was in the tub. I said. “Hey. I’m on to something here. I bet Dad don’t know about this.” And then when you was young, remember. Men… We didn’t come or nothin’. You just made that tunny feelin’. You know. You… First time I came, ejaculated. Scared the fuck out of me. Man. I thought somethin’ was wrong. Right? I was with this woman. I said. “Look what the fuck you done did!” About an hour later though. I was back goin’. “Can you do it again?” Women are so cool about sex. They like it as much as we do. But they can be cooler. You say, “Do you wanna fuck?” “No.” And they go home and have all that electrical equipment. I can’t get off behind that long shit. Nothin’. I remember one time I got some Playboy bunny pussy. I thought I was in the big time. Goin’ home with a Playboy bunny! You dig? We was gonna have a nice little midnight snack. I went to her apartment. Her apartment was bad! It was one of those apartments that if I don’t get the pussy… I can fuck this couch. We started talkin’. She had seen my act. She said, “I really like the way you do those little kids in your act. Them’s great. Can you talk like a little kid?” I said. “What? Now?” “Yeah. Just do a little.” “I feel funny. I mean… okay. You mean. Like, when I do this? Like that?” She said, “Yeah.” I say. “You like that. Huh?” And she started taking off clothes. And the more clothes she took off. The younger I got. When she got to her panties. I was on the floor talking about… She gave birth to me about 9:30.", "\nCan I get some water? There was supposed to be a stool and some water. Is it April Fools’? Oh. This is the one. I have to walk way the fuck over there to get some water. Thank you. Brother. Don’t trip. You’re nervouser than me. Shit. Thank you. I wish I had had a pitcher of that shit. Thank you. – What’s in it? – Huh? Water. As far as I know. I hope I don’t start tripping. Did that… Was that here all the time? That motherfucker been there all the time? Wait a minute. We don’t know nothin’… but the photographic memory. This motherfucker was not here. See. We may not be literate. But we visual than a motherfucker. Just needed a little water… to relax… calm down. ‘Cause I feel the tension from you all. You all want me to do so well. I want to do so well for you. But let’s relax and enjoy… whatever the fuck happens. ‘Cause I got my check. I’m gonna tell you something. ", "I got so fuckin’ nervous… myself.", " Today. I forgot what the fuck I did. I was at home. I said, “I know I do somethin’… ’cause there’s too many white folks paying attention to me… for me not to be in jail and shit.” I used to think when I first started. I said… “Maybe I ain’t funny no more. You know. Maybe I ain’t angry at nothin’ tor real in my heart, you know.” I’d just say. “I’m just not mad about it. I don’t get it. Motherfuckers wanna kill yourselves. That’s your business. Just don’t do it on my porch.” And it really takes a lot to start workin’ again on stage… because then your mind ain’t there and your spirit… and you’re tryin’ to go for it. And greed is a bitch. ", "Greed", " says, “Go ahead and do it. They offer you so much money… and you’re greedy.” And then your manager is larger than anything, right? He says. “But you’re not like that. You don’t want to rip people oft. You try and do the best… and you go out there and you make an ass of yourself… embarrass your friends. Hold your dick.” My greed does not exceed my self-respect. My greed is good. Though. Greed is runnin’ a close motherfuckin’ second. When I’m asleep. Greed is workin’ on the self-respect somewhere. “Say. Why don’t you just do it tor a little more?” But I do a lot of shit now that I never did when I didn’t have money. I didn’t have the problems I have now, like watchin’ motherfuckers count it. I must drive my accountant crazy. I wake up at 3:00 in the morning going, “Hey. Man, what the fuck? How much is it? Well. Prove it. Bring it over.” “But it’s three in the morning.” “Fuck that. I want to see it now.” And I got lawyers and shit.", " Lawyers", " are some expensive motherfuckers. And I got lawyers and shit. Lawyers are some expensive motherfuckers. I got a lawyer. First week. The motherfucker… brought me a bill for $40,000. I said, “Motherfucker. I just met you!” And lawyers, they don’t get upset. Right? “Goddamn it! Why is this…” “Don’t worry. Everything will be all right.” “No, but I wanna know why you…” “Take it easy.” And you leave there feelin’ like an asshole. You be goin’, “What the fuck am I yellin’ about? They calm. I’m just facing 47 years.” Them motherfuckers will keep you out of the penitentiary… and out of a lot of courts. But it’s gonna cost a lot! Some people must say. “Fuck it. I’ll go to the penitentiary. You motherfuckers cost too much. I can do ten years in the penitentiary and get off better… than these 30 you’re gonna put on me.” I met some lawyers, right? I had a guy I’m suing. A black attorney who was my brother. Right on. He was. It was beautiful. My brother. The motherfucker took me hook, line and sinker… on dry land. I don’t know. I just know that this is wonderful. Especially this suit… that I have on. I thought if I have a monkey, me and this suit will be hot. ‘Cause I can’t wear this kind of shit real comfortable. You have to be cool. Billy Dee Williams could hang in this motherfucker. Me, when I wear shit like this. I’m always afraid… that one motherfucker somewhere will say… “What you doin’ in that red suit. You ugly motherfucker?", "\n“I don’t fuck around anymore, since ", "I got married", ". I am married. I don’t fuck around. That’s right. When you are married… say you don’t fuck around it you got any brains. My wife: “What? Did you fuck…” “No, I was not fucking her. I don’t care what you think you saw. I was not fucking her. Now. Are you gonna believe me or your lying eyes? I was not fucking her.” And my wife… My wife has been putting up with me… We went together six years before the bitch landed me. She paid dues… ’cause I am no day at the beach. I know I’m hard to get along with. I know that… ’cause I might wake up in the morning and go… “Hey. Wake up. What was that shit you said last February?” This is my forth, fifth, sixth marriage. Eighth? I don’t know. But I remember every woman that I was ever in love with. I remember all 12 of them. I really do. They were wonderful. It’s just… I’ve never been able to have a… what they call sustain a relationship. That’s what it’s called now. In other words. When you stop wantin’ to be with the motherfucker, you leave. That’s what I do. Most people hang around till the shit get… makes you look ugly and shit… and you be hangin’ out with a bitch you don’t want to be with. “Yeah. This is my lady.” That gets you into feelings and shit. When you get married… you have to feel. My wife says, “Feel. Express your feelings. Darling, don’t lock it up. Just speak your mind.” When I was just fuckin’ around. I didn’t have to say shit but… “Can I fuck? Good-bye. Here’s the money for a cab.” But now, it’s different when you’re married. This is about the time I’ve been married… and it’s really exciting. Because I really am trying. I really am trying. I’m telling you, I’m fuckin’ trying, okay? But it’s hard to wake up and see the same person all the fuckin’ time. I know this works for women too. I mean, it’s the same motherfucker. All the time. “Thank you. Baby, but goddamn! Not today. Goddamn it. I don’t want to fuck you anymore for eight months. Let’s make our sexual life interesting. You go away for a year. When you come back, we will fuck like rabbits.” And my wife’s always talkin’ about “express yourself.” “Darling. Express your feelings. Emotions. Try to talk. Try to not be so physical. Learn how to speak. Try to talk. Now. Darling, what is the problem?” “Bitch, I’m gonna kill you.” My wife is white, and the first two years we went together… she thought her name was White Honky Bitch. She did. She put up with the shit. I learned, though. After that, ’cause I was death on her. “White honky bitch, and the black man this… and you don’t know shit.” But I stayed with the motherfucker. I kept staying. I grew some. It can happen. It it happened to me. It could happen to you. She’s wonderful about expressing yourself. I get mad, I can’t even talk. The madder I get, the quieter I get. My voice just goes down a notch, especially… “Well. All right. What I’m trying to do here…” Feelings are a hard fucking thing to deal with. I don’t give a fuck who you are. It’s not easy to be bullshittin’. But when you get them feelings. Somebody touches that shit inside you… that shit be fuckin’ with you. And women, I don’t give a fuck. You all can be so cool… about turnin’ a motherfucker oft. You love when a motherfucker be in love with you… ’cause you can be some nasty bitches. “Darling. Please don’t leave me. Just give me…” “Oh. God. Are you calling again? God, Richard, please. Just don’t do this to yourself. I mean, why don’t you go home and bathe or something like that. Just don’t call here anymore. Just a minute. John.” How can women be so cool, though. When you angry? “Don’t you tell me! I love you! Don’t you see?” “Yes, dear. I’m going for a walk.” “A walk? I wanna tight!” One night. I left the house about 137 times. I did. I just said, “Fuck you!” And then I’d have to come back. Like. You forget your keys. You ever leave and forget your keys? “Bitch! Yeah. Motherfucker! Yeah. Uh-huh! Believe that shit! Yeah. You’ll see. Oh, shit.” Then you got to go back in the house. Why come your old lady looks so good after you’ve been away tor a while? You ever. Like. Get your heart broke? Men here. You ever had your heart broke? Women get their heart broke, they cry. Men don’t do that shit. Men hold that shit in like it don’t hurt… walkin’ around and get hit by trucks. “Didn’t he see that truck?” “Motherfucker. He wouldn’t have seen a 747… ’cause his heart was broken.” There’s a feelin’… Gettin’ your motherfuckin’ heart broke… it’s like, I don’t know. Men cannot graduate till a woman breaks your fuckin’ heart. That is your diploma. It either kill you or make you fat. I’m talkin’ about that heartache where your motherfuckin’ heart be… hurtin’ and shit, and you be… You can’t even listen to music. Shit remind you. Like “Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer.” “That reminds me of my lady. God. She got a nose just like Rudolph.” And you go out with other women when you’re in love… You go out with other women. It don’t mean shit. Right? You go out with other women. And you hear their voices and go… “What is this bitch talkin’ about? Why don’t she just shut the fuck up? She ain’t sayin’ shit.” ‘Cause it’s hard to reestablish yourself with other people… once you’ve been with a partner tor a long time. Right? Especially if you get a good woman that you really be in love with. Usually. It’s the man that fucks up. We fuck up. Right? Then we can’t find them motherfuckers no more. And when you can’t find her no more, it look like she get better. Every time you see her. She be beautiful… or with some other motherfucker that looked good. I be going, “I wanna kill everybody. Everybody in the world.” That’s how you end up in the penitentiary, jack. A lot of people in the penitentiary killed their old ladies and shit… and boyfriends and shit like that. Just flip out. “I don’t give a fuck. At least I don’t have to look at them anymore.”", "“Prison”", "\nI went to a ", "penitentiary", " with Gene Wilder… I went to a penitentiary with Gene Wilder… I did a movie. Not me personally. I went to do a film in a penitentiary. I was up there six weeks. Arizona State Penitentiary. It was some… Oh. You’re applauding for that? Arizona State Penitentiary real popular? It was strange because What’s strange about that is that there are no black people in Arizona. I’m not lying. They bus motherfuckers in. I was up there, and I looked at all the brothers… and it made my heart ache. You know… seeing all these beautiful black men in the joint. Goddamn warriors should be out there helping the masses. I felt that way. I was real naive. Right? And the six weeks I was up there, I talked to the brothers. I talked to them. And thank God we got penitentiaries. I asked this one. “Why did you kill everybody in the house?” The guy said, “They was home.” I mean. Murderers. Do you hear me? Real. Live murderers. I thought black people killed people by accident. No. These motherfuckers was murderers. I met one brother. His name was J-Bone. Motherfucker could lift weights. He was in charge. Muscles every-motherfuckin’-where. He was doing a sentence… triple life. How in the fuck do you do triple life? I mean. That mean if he die and come back… he got to go to the penitentiary. Right? They’ll say, “Fuck kindergarten. Get your little ass back in the penitentiary. Motherfucker. You know what you did last time you was here.” And Gene Wilder loved to jump in the middle of the killers… and start talkin’. “Hi. Guys. How you doin’?” I said. “Gene. Bring your ass out of there.” “What do you think they’d do to us if we were here. Rich?” I’d say. “Fuck us.” And Gene would say. “I’m not homosexual.” “Homosexual ain’t got nothin’ to do with it. They don’t fuck you ’cause you like it. They just fuck you just to see that look on your face.” I met one dude… kidnap, murder tour times. I thought three times. That was your ass. Right? No. I said. “What happened?” “I can’t get the shit right. But I’m gettin’ paroled in two years. Brother Rich. I’m gonna fire it up. I got some contacts outside. You know what I mean?” I said, “Yeah, I know what you mean.” See. I wanna know when this motherfucker gettin’ out… who he gonna be with. And it I see him in my neighborhood. I’m just gonna shoot the motherfucker. ‘Cause I do not want to be kidnapped. Take no chance no motherfucker callin’ up my wife… talkin’ about sendin’ some money. ‘Cause that’s really my ass. “Well. Don’t fuck up the suit. That’s what we gonna bury him in.” I’m gonna take my chances. ’cause… Damn if I’m gonna be kidnapped, puttin’ my hands behind my back. They always like to make you put your hands behind your back and shit… and then fuck with you a little while. I say, “No. Motherfucker. Blow my face oft with the shotgun… while I got my hands on your nuts.” So there’ll be some evidence. Right? The police come in: “Open his hand. Well, this guy’s gonna be easy to find. He’s gonna show up to the hospital sooner or later.” They always put that shotgun on you. You ain’t got to do shit. That’s easy to say. But in real life we all know… a shotgun. Your hand will automatically jump behind your back. Even it you don’t want it to. Your hand will say. “Fuck you! It’s a shotgun. Asshole! Give me that rope. I’ll tie myself. Is this a good knot?” Everybody like to be brave in the real situation. Right? But we ain’t so brave sometimes, you know? Sometimes you be brave. Most of the time. We just ordinary… hope we don’t get in no situation where you have to be brave. That’s how the Nazis fucked over people. ‘Cause most people are basically decent. Them Nazis just run over motherfuckers. Black people always say. “I’d have told them Nazis…” You wouldn’t have told them Nazis shit. ‘Cause them motherfuckers didn’t play. You’d be out there talkin’ about… “Hey. Motherfucker! Mr. Nazi!” “What is this?” “Oh, nothin’, just. Uh… Just fuckin’ around. Jack. Like them boots you got on. Hom.” And in the penitentiary. They got all them racist groups. They got the white groups. They act like they’re in New York. They got the Nazi party and the… What do they call it? The Klu Klux Klan. The Mexicans got them gangs you can’t pronounce the names. And they don’t wear no shirts. The black people got the Mau Maus and the Muslims, Double Muslims. Them’s the ones you don’t fuck with… them Double Muslims. ‘Cause them motherfuckers can’t wait to get to Allah… and want to take eight or nine motherfuckers with them. I used to be a thief, and I wasn’t very good. I always got caught. I would steal from neighbors. I wouldn’t take no chances on gettin’ caught too far from home. I’d go over to the neighbors’ house. Wipe them motherfuckers out. I paid them all back now. I try to go back to Peoria. I’m ashamed of myself. “Miss Johnson. I’m sorry I bust in your house.” “I knew it was you, boy.” I don’t know why I would steal. My grandfather was in business. My family was in business. My grandmother owned. Like, three or tour brothels. My grandfather had a pool hall called “Pops Pool Room.” My uncle had a pool room. So there was money in the family. I was a lucky black child… ’cause I never went through no hard times. It was hard. If you wasn’t poor. You couldn’t get no pussy. They say, “We fuck just to keep our minds off eatin’.” I live in Hawaii in a place… I wanted to go to a place where there was no people. And I found the place. There’s 500 people live where I live. And they’re brown. I like that because you can sleep at night. ‘Cause you live around white people in the country, anything can happen. Not that I don’t trust white people. It’s just in the night. You know what I mean? Something happens to white people when you start drinkin’… and when you hear one of them motherfuckers go. “Yee-haw!” You know what I mean? It makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up… ’cause I know what’s next. That “yee-haw” means get a rope and get a black motherfucker. “Why do they have the greatest kind of resistance against a rope? You can lasso a white guy. He won’t do nothin’. Black one. They kinda jerk away.” I like those guys: “You wanna sign this tor my sister?” “Hey. Buddy, you wanna kiss my girl? But not on the lips.” I say, “Okay.” Racism is a bitch. White people, you gotta know. It fucks you up. But what it does to black people is a bitch. It’s hard enough being a human being. It’s really fuckin’ hard enough just to be that. Just to go through everyday life without murdering a motherfucker. It’s hard enough just to walk through life decent. As a person. But here is another element added to it when you’re black. Them mothers got that little edge on us. It’s enough to make you crazy. ‘Cause it you’re in an argument with another man… he may be white, but it’s man on man for a minute… – and the shit get rough. He end up calling you “nigger.” You go, “Oh. Shit. Fuck. Now I ain’t no man no more. I’m nigger now. I got to argue with that shit… and. fuck. Throw my balance all off now.” It’s an ugly thing. I hope that someday they give it up. ‘Cause it don’t work.", "“Africa”", "\nIt’s nice to have pride about your shit. I went home to the motherland. Everybody should go home. To Africa. Everybody, especially black people. Really, man, there is so much to see there… tor the eye and the heart of the black people. White people. You’ll go there and you’ll get ideas. “Well. That’s the way black people in America should be… walking around with sticks.” You’ll get the wrong idea. But, man… I was gonna find my roots. Right? Seven hundred million black people. Not one of them motherfuckers knew me. I looked in every phone book in Africa. I didn’t find one goddamn Pryor. I saw one familiar name: J-Bone Walker. I called that up. They say he’s in Arizona. But there’s nothin’ like goin’ and seein’ nothin’ but black. Black people. From the wino to the president. It’s black people. And it’s. Like, fair. You know what I mean? You go someplace. You’re on liberated land. I said, “These motherfuckers kick ass and got their country. And I’m on the land. It’s black people.” I mean. Black. Original black. You understand “black”? I mean. So many black people, it made me realize… somebody in my family had been lying to me. It’s nice. As you land at the airport. You look out the window… and see the black people and say. “Oh. Wow!” People are the same. The people in Africa fuck over your luggage… just like the people in New York. You know what’s funny? To walk down the street… and see white people looking tor each other. They’d be surrounded, and… Every black person I saw there seemed to remind me of someone from here. I’d walk down the street and go, “That motherfucker looked like Joe Frazier!” I’d say, “Goddamn!” He’d be the president of the bank. I’d go, “Goddamn! I wish Joe Frazier could see this motherfucker!” Or someone here. Like, is a wino… you see him over there. They be a diplomat. You go, “Willie the wino! Goddamn! Get down, Willie!” This was. I don’t know. Special to me, man. I went to the jungle, the real jungle. Not that shit Tarzan live in. Tarzan wouldn’t last a week in Africa. “Where’s Tarzan?” “You mean the crazy white man? He in the trees with cheetah.” “Where’s Jane?” “She whoring in Nairobi.” ‘Cause when you go out in the bush… you see animals… I mean, animals that are tree look different… than that shit we see in the zoo. You know them animals you fuck over at the zoo? You see the lion at the zoo. You be talkin’ about… You walk by. “Hey. Lion.” I like the monkeys in the zoo. ‘Cause they throw their shit on you. They’d be pickin’ and shit. They watch you, and one of ’em go… And then everybody laughs. “Oh, he’s so cute. Oh, aren’t the monkeys cute?” Why do people think bears are happy in the zoo? “Look at the bear. He’s so happy.” Motherfucker’s talkin’ about… “Let me out. Just give me a break. If I could get a hand on one of you motherfuckers. Oh. I’ll tear your ass up. I ain’t had no pussy in 12 years! Send me a motherfuckin’ panda. Bitch ain’t even got a pussy. They’re wonderin’ why we ain’t got no babies” But in the jungle, if you see a rabbit you get nervous. ‘Cause a rabbit be lookin’ at you… “Roll the window up. Dear.” “It’s just a rabbit.” “Fuck you. Ain’t no rabbit ever looked at me like that.” And you see a lion in the jungle, that’s what they look like… lions. Motherfucker be in the bush talkin’ about… “Yeah. Get your ass out of the car. And bring that camera with you. ‘Cause we gonna eat all that shit.” I saw three lionesses chase down. Like, a cape buffalo. That’s the baddest motherfucker on four legs… except for these bitches chasin’ it. And the lionesses. They work around in teams. Give signals You know they can’t talk. And the buffalo saw one of them, right? He tipped away from the rest of the herd. And them two others jumped on his ass. The other buffalo said… “The motherfucker didn’t warn us. Fuck him.” And you know how a buzzard circles in the movies? These motherfuckers drove up in a truck. Talkin’ about. “What it is?” Cheetah, man, is the weirdest thing to see go chase something… ’cause you don’t see nothin’ but dust. I saw two cheetahs. It looked like they were talkin’… about jumpin’ on some gazelle. “You want to go after that herd?” “Say, nah. Man, they’re too close. Shit. Why don’t we give ’em another 100 yards. How’s the wife and family. Man? You know. It’s gonna be tourist season soon. I got an arm last year. They’re about far enough. You ready?” The gazelles and shit hear them motherfuckers. They’d be eating and hear ’em and just start runnin’. They wouldn’t even look. “Run!” And the motherfucker that can’t hear is in trouble. “What?” “Cheetah!” “Huh?” “Cheetah!” “What?” “Cheetah!” “What’d you say?” “It’s your ass!” “I got ya.” I saw one of them gazelles make a move on a cheetah. It was embarrassing. The cheetah got pissed off too… ’cause he was ready to get the gazelle. And the gazelle said… And that motherfucker tell 400 yards trying to stop. And got up: “I’m gonna get you. Motherfucker. Make me look bad” We picked up a hitchhiker one day. An African man got in the car. And he had that odor. You know? This motherfucker had odor! He was in the car. You be drivin’. That odor was… And he’d lean over to point… And you’d be, you know… “Goddamn! I know my people. But goddamn!” And I looked in the rear view mirror. And this motherfucker was goin’… “Oh, shit! That motherfuckin’ cologne and shit they got on. Stinkin’ motherfuckers. Boy. I don’t know how I can take this shit.” He had his head out the window tryin’ to get air and shit. He’s goin’. “Goddamn!” He just ended up makin’ us stop. “Let me out of this motherfucker. I’ll walk. Fuck it. You motherfuckers stink. Kiss my ass.” One thing I got out of it was magic. I’d like to share it with you. I was leavin’, and I was sittin’ in the hotel… and a voice said to me. “Look around. What do you see?” And I said. “I see all colors of people doing everything.” And the voice said, “Do you see any niggers?” And I said. “No.” And it say. “You know why? ‘Cause there aren’t any.” And it hit me like a shot, man. I started cryin’ and shit. I was sittin’ there and said… “Yeah. I’ve been here three weeks. I haven’t even said it. I haven’t even thought it.” And it made me say. “Oh. My God. I’ve been wrong. I’ve been wrong. I’ve got to regroup my shit.” I said, “I ain’t gonna never call another black man a nigger.” You know. ’cause we never was no niggers. That’s a word that’s used to describe our own wretchedness. And we perpetuate it now, ’cause it’s dead. That word’s dead. We’re men and women. We come from the first people on the Earth. You know? The first people on the Earth were black people. ‘Cause anthropologists… white anthropologists… The white people go. “That could be true, you know.” Yeah. Dr. Leakey and them found people remains… five million years ago in Africa. You know them motherfuckers didn’t speak French. So black people, we the first people that had thought. We were the first ones to say. “Where the fuck am I? And how do you get to Detroit?” So you can take it for what it’s worth. I ain’t tryin’ to preach. I’m just talkin’ about my feelings about it. And I don’t want them hip white people calling me no nigger… or telling me nigger jokes. I don’t like it. I’m just fellin’ you it’s uncomfortable to me. I don’t like it when black people say it to me. I really don’t no more. It’s nothin’. It don’t mean nothin’. So I love you all, and you can take that with you. I guess you all say…", "“Mafia Club”", "\nI think the only brave thing I might have ever done in my life… was once I worked at a Mafia nightclub. Out in Youngstown. Ohio. I was 19. I was 19 years old. Right? And I didn’t know shit about the Mafia. My father was the baddest motherfucker I had ever seen. So the Mafia didn’t mean shit to me. I did not relate to the Mafia. I worked with this lady. Satin Doll. She was the star of the show. Beautiful black stripper. Right? ‘Cause usually in those days… in clubs they had a singer and a stripper and a M.C. I was the M.C., and she was the first black star I ever met. Duke Ellington had written a tune about her. That’s what she used to dance to and act. She was beautiful. She was 60 then. Oh. This bitch was fine though. Man. I’m not lyin’. Lena Horne didn’t have shit on her. And she was cryin’ backstage… “I gotta get to Buffalo. They won’t pay me.” I said, “Who won’t pay you?” “Club owners.” I said. “Oh, them motherfuckers are gonna pay me. Bet that.” This is how ignorant I was. I had a cap pistol. You know. Them blank starter pistols. I busted into the office with this motherfucker. Talkin’ about… “All right. Give me the money. Motherfucker!” Doing my best black shit. You know. You know. That shit usually scare whitey to death. And these motherfuckers didn’t do nothin’. I’m sure that those men… are sitting in that room today. Laughing. ‘Cause that’s what this dude… He just started to laugh. “This fuckin’ kid. Wait a minute. Hey. Tony. Come here. Rich. Do the gun again. Hey. Tony. Come here. Stickup! This fuckin’ kid! Come here. Come here, you fuckin’ kid. He’s got a pair of gagoozies on him, huh? Fuckin’ kid. Come here. Goddamn.” They like to hug you and rub you. “Come here.” And grab your face. “This fuckin’ kid’s got some gazoolas.” And they always say shit you don’t understand. “Hey. You wanna go… Hey. Paulo. Tix him a little… Put some struzi on it. Fry it up. They like fried foods. Fuckin’ kid, huh? He come in here. Had a gun, the fuckin’ kid. Huh? Pay everybody oft. Pay ’em off. It’s all right.” They paid everybody off, let everybody go and kept me. Like a pet. “I fuckin’ like this kid. You got family? Well. You got family now. Who is it, Carmine? Tell him I call him back. Tell him it’s a stickup.” Then these motherfuckers start tellin’ murder stories. “Hey. You remember when Oozie… Remember when I made my fuckin’ bones? Me, I had to go away. It was Cleveland, right? Fuckin’ teamster. Big mouth. Hurt a lot of people. Right? You know, ice pick’s my thing, Rich. So we fuckin’ had to drive down. Me, Johnny Salami… the Gaboozo brothers. They own a funeral parlor. ‘You carry. We bury.’ Come here, you fuckin’ kid. So we take this jerk-off out bowling, you know. Drive him around. Get him a few drinks. ‘Hey, let’s get some broads. Right? ‘ A little motel we had set up. You remember that, Johnny? So. We take him around. He gets kinda stoned. Drops his glass. I say, ‘Now.’ I pop him with the fuckin’ ice pick. Right? I’m poppin’ this cocksucker. Blood’s squirting every which way. He says, ‘Oh. God! Don’t kill me! ‘ ‘Oh. fuck you. You guinea cocksucker.’ And the fuckin’ ice pick breaks. I’m standin’ there with a fuckin’ piece of wood in my hand! I said, ‘Johnny Salami. What do I do? ‘ Johnny says, ‘Wait till it melts, asshole.’ Those were the good old days. What’s the matter. Rich? You don’t look so good. Hey, Paulo, give him a little… You got a way home. Or do you want us to give you a ride?” Don’t go out with the Mafia. ‘Cause you can’t buy ’em dinner. They always like to take entertainers to dinner. They take you to dinner, and they pick up the check all the time. And it you get mad, you say, “Let me buy the check tonight. Goddamn it. You guys buy me dinner every night.” “Hey, kid, let me tell you somethin’. We’re crime… and crime don’t pay.” The Mafia people are weird people, ’cause they appeal… They appeal to your intellect. They do. Them motherfuckers’ appeal says… “You’re an intelligent person. Aren’t you? And you realize that it’s very difficult… to walk without knees.” And one time I was in a room with one of these motherfuckers… and I don’t know how to describe… You ever seen a face just turn to stone? I mean. I was talkin’ to the man. And somebody was over here… talkin’ about something that had pissed him off… that he was gonna deal with… and it went from a nice conversation with me… A stone thing came over his face. It was like… And a chill went through my fuckin’ body. I said. “This motherfucker’s dead. I’m lookin’ at a dead man that walks around.” ‘Cause it was just stone, man. There wasn’t no compromise. There was nothin’ in there where you could go… There was none of that in the face. I said… “Boy, that’s a look I’d like to get, just to whip on a motherfucker.” You know. Just say. “What?” Remember that in ", "The Godfather", "? That to me was the most chilling line in the world. When the guy said… “Hey. Could you let me off? Just tor old time’s sake?” And the guy said… Boy. That had to be the coldest shit in the world. And you gotta get in the car with him. Then you got to beg some more in the car. You ain’t gonna stop beggin’. As long as he’s got breath in his body. You get in the car. He’s talkin’ about, “Hey. Jack. I remember when I showed you how to drive.” Jack be goin’…", "“Mudbone”", "\nAll Italian people are not in the Mafia. Whether you believe it or not. They’re not. Really. Most of them work for the Mafia. But they’re all not in the Mafia. What? – Do what? – Mudbone, Richie! All right, this is the last time Mudbone will be seen anywhere. This is Mudbone’s last show. Ladies and gentlemen, from Tupelo. Mississippi. Mudbone. You know… Now, I know that boy. See. He fucked up. See. That tire got on his ass… and it fucked him up upstairs. Fried up what little brains he had. ‘Cause I remember the motherfucker. He could make a motherfucker laugh… at a funeral on Sunday. Christmas day. But you know what happened? He got some money. That’s what happened. He got some money! Them missed meal cramps and shit was gone. He said. “Fuck it.” Went all the way crazy. Shit, now me? I’m still hungry. See. I’m gonna be out here four days and six months. I watched this boy, Rich. He used to come by. Leave me a dollar here. Fifty cents there. He was all right, you know. He would never lend me five. Though. But he let me have them two’s and tews. You know. So I felt tor the boy. I went over there and talked to him. And he ignorant. ’cause I sit down to talk to him… You don’t let him get none of that powder in his nose. That’s like tryin’ to talk to a baboon’s ass. I talked to the boy seven days and seven nights. He was still on the same subject. “Where can I get some more?” So I talked to him. You know. I said… “Boy, why don’t you do something with yourself? Since religion ain’t your thing… maybe you take up ballet.” It makes me laugh, thinkin’ about it. I told him, “Cause you gonna be black a long time. So you might as well enjoy yourself… ’cause there ain’t many black motherfuckers out there doin’ it.” He said, “Don’t stop now.” I said. “Don’t lighten up. Tighten up.” That’s what I told him. And he must have listened to me. He was gonna register to vote. I knew he was sick then. So. Listen. I’m not gonna steal the show from the boy. I ain’t gonna do that. So, I’m gonna… The boy got the camera. Only white folks can do that. And they make it look like such a mystery. They never let no black people do no shit like that. The only time you see black people doing some of that shit… is when they want the plug plugged in. “Say, boy. Plug that in.” That’s how you be sayin’. “I works on the camera crew.” I say. “What you do?” “Plug in the thing.” I say. “A monkey can do that.” Guess that’s why they hired him. See, I’ve lived through hard times before. People talk about these as hard times. Hard times was way back. They didn’t even have a year for it. Just called it “Hard Times.” It was dark all the time. I think the sun came out on Wednesday. And it you didn’t have your ass up early. You missed it. So I happened to be out there one Wednesday… and the sun hit me right in the face. I grabbed a bunch of it and rubbed it all over myself. Shit. I didn’t have nothin’ else. Might as well have some sun on my face. And as time went on. I remembered it was Thursday. I said. “Damn. That sun was a bitch. That’s why they didn’t want us to have none of it.” ‘Cause it’d cheer you up inside. You see. So I got all cheered up… and went out on a date. Lucinda Belle Mae. The girl was pretty. Coal black. Her skin was tender… like a baby’s butt. Her sweet breasts smelled like Carnation milk. That’s how tender she was. I liked her, too, you see. She had a little liking to me. So Lucinda… We’d have to tip away. We’d go up and do a little kissin’ up in the apple orchard. We’d tip away together on Wednesday mornin’… when the sun was up. We’d get up there. I’d make her put a little on her face… and she relaxed. When she relaxed. I started rubbin’ all over her. Women like when you rub on ’em… if you rub ’em in them right spots. You know. You got to rub ’em right there. Right on the inside of her leg by the kneecap. Rub ’em right there. And you rub it around until it starts burnin’. They open up then. Boy. ‘Cause there ain’t but two pieces of pussy you’re gonna get in your life. That’s your first and your last. And all that shit in between don’t count. That’s just the extra gravy. They say. “When’s the last time you got some pussy?” I say. “Yesterday. That’s as tar as I want to remember it.” I don’t want to sit around. Some motherfucker ask me… “How long you had some pussy?” I go… I don’t want to live that long. What I’m sayin’… What the point I’m tryin’ to make is… that there is no point to be made. That’s all that there is. There ain’t no point to it. ‘Cause you didn’t ask to come to this motherfucker… and you sure can’t choose how to leave. ‘Cause you don’t know when you’re gonna go. So don’t take this shit serious You better have some tun and plenty of it. ‘Cause when the shit old and you ask for a recharge, it’s too late. So all I can say is keep some sunshine on your face.", "“Freebase”", "\nI was up in Oakland with some old friends. I mean, motherfuckers I’ve known a long time. And I have changed as a person inside, right? There was an old dope dealer. Motherfucker used to… I used to follow him around for dope. And I always paid him. But it was always on credit or something… and the motherfucker acted like I was one of his pets. I started saying, “Wait, motherfucker. I paid tor the dope. I didn’t live at your house. I had my own apartment.” But he was acting like I was one of his bitches… and then. You know. He got real mad… ’cause I fired on his ass. I say, “No. Motherfucker, I wasn’t never like that.” I had my shirt oft and I was sitting on the couch… and suddenly he says something about… When you signify. Motherfucker gets vicious. “What about them burned-up rings around your neck, motherfucker?” And it hit me ’cause I had never thought of myself like that… ’cause I said. “Yeah, I’ve been burnt up.” It never had hit me like it hit him. I said, “Yeah, I been burnt the fuck up.” ‘Cause most people I meet. I act like I ain’t burned up… they do too. The motherfucker sneaks a peek. “A nice tattoo you have… all over your body.” I guess y’all say. “Fuck all that. How’d you burn up?” You say. “How’d you burn up in your own house. Motherfucker?” I know y’all heard all kind of stories about how I burned up basin’ this… and ether that. None of that shit got nothing to do with that. I’m gonna tell y’all the truth tonight. You got to promise not to tell nobody. – Can I trust ya? – Yeah! You’re some lyin’ motherfuckers. All my friends know this to be true ’cause everybody knows me. Usually before I go to bed. I have milk and cookies. And one night. I had some low-tat milk… and some pasteurized… and I mixed them together… and I dipped my cookie, and the shit blew up. I mean, the damnedest thing I’ve ever heard of in my life. Medical history was made. A lot of people say shit. I think about shit. Why do people think… All the people you ever heard of freebasin’… have you ever heard of anybody blowin’ up? Why me? Ten million motherfuckers freebase, I gotta blow up. I’m talking about… I started out smoking freebase. It was like… I started out one time. And I should’ve known something bad was going to happen… because I remember the first time I did freebase… I burnt my bed up. I was sitting on the bed, and somebody said… “Richard, the bed’s on tire!” I said. “What? The bed’s on fire?” It’s a weird disease. If any of you doin’ it… you ain’t gonna believe this, but if you’ve been doing it… longer than two weeks. You’re a junkie. Now I’m telling you so you’ll know it. I know you’ll tell yourself, “I ain’t no fuckin’ junkie.” You cannot stop if you wanted to. You’ll go home tonight and say. “Watch me.” You will not be able to. If you got the shit there, you will do it. I’m talking about, I started out smokin’… I would have a pipe and sit it down and walk eight feet away from it. Two days later. Jack. I would smoke. I’d go… One time. It looked like I had an appendage on my hand. It was the pipe. ‘Cause this pipe used to tell me when to go to bed. The pipe would say, “Time to get up. Time for some smoke. Rich. We’re not doing anything today. Fuck all your appointments. Me and you are just gonna hang out in this room together.” I’d get mad and frustrated. People didn’t understand me. The pipe’d say. “Come in the room with me. I got you covered. I know how you feel. Rich. Light me up. Hold me tor a couple of days. And we’ll talk it over.” I’m talking about a year later, jack. I’m talking about… I’m drawn up. fucked up and out of my mind… but I’m not hooked. People are trying to help me. I say… “You’re just meddling in my motherfucking business! You just think because I’m having a good… Leave me the fuck alone!” And I’m smokin’ my shit… ’cause my pipe would say, “I understand. They don’t know. It’s your life. They don’t have a right to fuck with you. Where were they when you needed them? Come in here with me. ’cause I love ya.” And then the pipe starts saying shit like… “You let me get a little low yesterday. I don’t like that. Don’t let me get low again. Or I’m gonna hurt ya. You promise, keep me full at all times. Okay? Come on, Rich. You can do it. ‘Cause I understand.” And finally. Dope dealers… I did it so bad, dope dealers tried not to sell me none. That’s doing it, for a dope dealer to say… “I ain’t gonna give you no more. I can’t see you do it to yourself.” Dope dealers don’t give a fuck about nothing usually. These motherfuckers refused to sell me cocaine. Said. “No. Motherfucker! You’re killing yourself!” What? “I don’t want to see you fuck yourself up.” I ain’t never heard of dope dealers doin’ that. I mean. You could sooner get free food in a Chinese restaurant. But these motherfuckers love me. Man. They say. “No, man. Can’t you just snort again?” And I’d lie and say, “Okay. I’m gonna snort. Just give me enough tor the weekend. I’m gonna snort it.” “How much you want?” “A kilo.” I don’t know I’m a junkie. I weigh about 103. I looked like… Ain’t been out of my room in eight weeks. Funk is my shadow. Funk be just hanging all over me, talkin’ about… “Hey. Don’t wash.” Then finally. My old lady called Jim Brown up. – She said. “Jim gonna come over.” – “Fuck Jim Brown! I’ll show Jim Brown. I don’t give a fuck. Nobody afraid of Jim Brown here.” Jim was coming in the driveway. I got all nervous. “Who is it?” “Jim Brown.” “Oh. Shit! This motherfucker ain’t gonna scare me. Let me get my pipe.” Pipe said. “Come on. Me and you will show Jim. Don’t worry. Shit, Jim don’t scare nobody.” Jim come in the room. I started smokin’. “How’re you doin’. Bro?” Jim had psychology. Jim’d go… “You wanna go roller-skatin’?” “Pipe.” “Maybe you wanna go tor a ride.” Jim say. “What you gonna do?” “What do you mean?” “What you gonna do about that shit?” “What? I’m doin’ what I wanna do.” “I ain’t afraid of you, you know. You ain’t no movie star to me. I ain’t scared of you. Motherfucker. I’m your friend. What you gonna do? You gonna get well, or you gonna end our friendship? What you gonna do?” The pipe said. “Don’t listen. He tryin’ to fuck with you, Rich.” “Jim, I am a man.” “There ain’t no doubt about that… but what you gonna do?” And Jim kept saying that all through the hall. “What you gonna do?” “Leave me the fuck alone! That’s what I’m going to do… I’m getting the fuck away from you… so I don’t have to hear ‘What you gonna do? ‘ ‘Cause I don’t know what the fuck I’m gonna do. Leave me the fuck alone!” So Jim almost got me to the hospital… but he had to go somewhere. Like to home to eat. And I was in the room with the pipe. And the pipe said… “Hey. Rich… Jim’s gone.” And it don’t matter how many times you break them motherfuckers… you go out and buy a new one. This is an addiction. It’s a monster. It’s pitiful. ‘Cause I ended up on the floor looking for shit. “Well, let me smoke this.” It’d be a piece of log. Anything. I’d say, “I wonder how my sleeve would taste.” I’ll tell you one thing. Man. When that tire hits your ass… that will sober your ass up quick. I mean. I was standing there on fire. And something said… “Why. That’s a pretty blue. You know what? That looks like fire!” I’m talking about, tire is inspirational. They should use it in the Olympics… ’cause I did the 100-yard dash in 4.3.", "“Hospital”", "\nYou know something I found out? When you’re on fire and running down the street… people will get out of your way. Except for one old drunk. He’s going. “Can I get a light? How about it? Just a little oft the sleeve. Okay?” You can tell you fucked up when you get to the hospital and the doctor go… “Holy shit! Why don’t we get some cole slaw and serve this up?” I was laying in the hospital with tubes and shit up my nose… an I.V. In my arm… and a brother come in wanting an autograph. I mean. Steam and shit was still comin’ off me. Brother come in. “Hey, Rich. Hey. Hom. Can I get this autograph? Come on. Let me have this last autograph.” And Jim was in the hospital every day when I was getting well. He’d be there every day. Fire don’t mean shit to Jim. Fire jumped on Jim once. He said, “Hey!” Jim would be there giving me strength. I say. “Jim ain’t never been hurt. So I can’t show no pain. I gotta show my strength. Try to get well.” I was doing real well. ‘Cause nature is wonderful. When you burn up. Your skin goes to sleep… ’cause nature says, “I can’t deal with it”… and just goes to sleep. You don’t feel shit for about three days, till your nerves wake up. I didn’t know that. I figured. “I ain’t feelin’ nothin’. Everything’s fine.” And at the hospital, doctors and shit, they’re really great. But there was a brother who worked as a nurse… They’re unique people work with burnt people… ’cause I don’t know it I could work with no motherfucker burnt up. You know what I mean? Put some butter on him and say. “That’s it.” Go for what you know. Homes. But these motherfuckers… This Larry Murphy used to come in. “We’re gonna wash you down. And you’re gonna feel great. We’re gonna wash ya.” He kept saying it. “We’re gonna put you in the tub and wash you.” “You’re gonna wash me. When are you gonna wash me?” “We’re gonna wash you in a couple of days. We’re gonna get you better.” “Yeah, motherfucker. Yeah. Wash me, will you please?” I should’ve known something was wrong… ’cause this motherfucker come every day with this. “Don’t worry. We’re gonna put you in the tub… and it’s gonna be all right.” I said, “I’m not worried. Motherfucker. Put my ass in the tub. You know. Wash me. Shit.” “Come on. Don’t worry.” Third day. “Are you all right? Today we’re gonna put you in…” “Yeah. Larry. You’re gonna wash my ass in the tub. Okay? Goddamn.” Then they take you in the room and get you in the tub… with solutions. And you sit in the tub and say… “Yeah. Motherfucker. Tub. Right. Gonna wash. I know.” – They say, “Feel this? It’s a sponge.” – I say. “It’s a sponge, motherfucker. So? Wash my ass.” “All right. Put your arms up. ’cause…” “Wash me, motherfucker.” “Now it’s time to wash you. Ready?” I said. “Yeah.” Motherfucker said… “Don’t. Don’t wash me no more. Not even my little finger. No! No, you will not. Don’t you wash a motherfuckin’ thing. I don’t want you to touch my finger. I don’t want you to do a goddamn thing to me. Don’t wash me no motherfuckin’ more. And if you do, I’ll bite you. You motherfucker. Don’t you wash me anymore. I don’t care if I die. Don’t you wash me no more.” But they were wonderful. Man. Pain sure stops racism quick. Wasn’t no color in there except burnt-up motherfuckers. And we all got religious. You find God quick when they find your ass dead. I was watching TV one night, and they said I had died. I was bandaged up, and they said… “Richard Pryor died five minutes ago.” But I thank God every day. Jack. I do. I say, “God. Thank you for not burning my dick.” ‘Cause most people said. “You’ve been punished by God.” I say, “No. If God wanted to punish my ass… He’d have burnt my dick.” Now. That’s some punishment… ’cause when that tire hit my ass. My dick went to work. He said, “Emergency! Piss. Come! Do something! Keep the fire off the balls!” And my chest was hollering. “Help!” The dick said… “Fuck you! Go tor yourself! I’m protecting the balls! Spit!” You got a light? A match? Can I have a match? Thank you. Don’t do it! Watch out. Listen. Y’all… have been wonderful to come and share this with us… and I thank everyone connected with… It’s been a pleasure tor me to do this and get up here… and I thank you very much. I want to say y’all gave me a lot of love when I was not feeling well… and I appreciate it. Also, y’all did some… Yeah. Applaud yourself. Also. Y’all did some nasty-ass jokes on my ass too. Yeah. Y’all didn’t think I saw some of these motherfuckers. Since you love me so much. I remember this one. What’s that? Richard Pryor running down the street."], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/04/26/richard-pryor-live-sunset-strip-1982-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "JERRY SEINFELD: I’M TELLING YOU FOR THE LAST TIME (1998) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "January 7th, 2018", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["JERRY SEINFELD", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["The special aired live on HBO on August 9, 1998 from the Broadhurst Theatre in New York City.", "Ladies and gentlemen, Jerry Seinfeld. Thank you. Thank you. That was very, very nice. Thank you very much. Thank you. Standing ovation. Now I know there’s always a… Scuse me? Perfect start of the show. Thank you. I know it’s not easy for an audience to give standing ovation. There’s always a few people that don’t really wanna do it. I’ve seen those people. They’re always like… “Are we doing’ this now?”", "So, anyway, I’m thrilled to be back here in New York. I love how certain things about New York never change. They’re always constant, they’re always there for you. ", "The cabbies", " and the BO. What is with the BO and these guys? How long are these shifts? Can’t we get this man a ten minute break for a shower? You’re in the back and it’s coming through the glass. You’re just going: “What in the…” Not only they put that cherry puppet stuff on the dashboard so you get a cherry BO. I don’t know what that’s supposed to be… Even the fruit showers more often than this. The funny thing about being in these cabs is that when you’re in Manhattan for some reason you don’t get scared, no matter how fast the guy goes. Well, you know, he’s driving fast and recklessly… but he’s a professional. He’s got a cab driver’s license, I can see it right there. I don’t even know what it takes to get a cab driver’s license. I think all you need is a face. This seems to be their big qualification. No blank heads are allowed driving cabs in this town. Also helps to have a name with like 8 consonants in a row. Did you ever see some of the letters in these names? What is the “O” with a line through it, by the way? What planet is that from? You need a chart of the elements if you wanna report the guy. “Yes, officer, his name was Amal and then the symbol for Boron.” “No, it’s not Manganese. I had the periodic chart with me at the time.”", "But I love to travel. I love it whether it’s a car or whether it’s a plane. I like to get out there, I like to keep it moving. I love airports. Feel safe in the airports thanks to the high caliber individuals we have working at X-ray security. How ’bout this crack squad of savvy motivated personnel? The way you wanna setup your ", "airport’s security", ", is you want the short, heavy set women at the front with the skin tight uniform. That’s your first line of defense. You want those pants so tight the flap in front of the zipper has pulled itself open, you can see the metal tangs hanging on for dear life. Then you put the bag on the conveyor belt. It goes through the little luggage car wash. Then you have the other genius, down at the other end, looking at the little X-ray TV screen. This Eistein was chosen to stand in front of X-rays 14 hours a day. It’s his profession. Looking in that thing… I have looked in that TV screen. I cannot make out one object. He’s standing there… “What is that? A hairdryer with a scope on it?” “That looks ok. Keep it moving.” “Some sort of bowling ball candle? Yeah, I got no problem with that, just…” “You know, we don’t wanna hold up the line.”", "So, I go to the bathroom in the airport. What is the story on the sinks in airport bathrooms That they will not give us a twist-it-on twist-it-off, human-style faucet? Is that too risky for the general population? Too dangerous? We gotta install the one-handed, spring-loaded, pain-in-the-ass Alcatraz-style faucet. You know, those ones you gotta go: “Hey I got a little water there” “Hey I got a couple of drops.” What is it they think we would do with a faucet? Turn them all on full, run out into the parking lot, laughing, pushing each other into the bushes? “Come on, the water’s on, let’s go!” “I turned it on full blast.” “You idiot! We’re businessmen, we’re gonna miss our plane.” “Who cares! Water!” That’s how they think we’re gonna act.", "Do the people that work in these shops in the airport have any idea what the prices are every place else in the world? “Yeah, $14 a tuna sandwich. We think that’s fair.” Then you get on the plane. The pilot of course always has to come on the PA system. This guy is so excited about being a pilot, he can’t even stand himself. “Well, I’m gonna take it up to about 20,000.” “Then I’m gonna make a left by Pittsburg.” “Then I’m gonna make a right by Chicago.” “And then I’m gonna bring it down to 15,000.” He’s giving the whole route, all his moves. We’re in the back going: “Yeah, fine.” “You know, just do whatever the hell you gotta do. I don’t know.” “Just end-up where it says on the ticket, really.” Do I bother him with what I’m doing? Knocking on the cockpit door: “I’m having the peanuts now.” “Yeah, that’s what we’re doing back here.” “I thought I’d keep you posted.” “I’m not gonna have them all now, I’m just gonna have a few.” “I don’t wanna finish it because it’s such a big bag.” Then the stewardesses have to come out. They have to do their little emergency equipment show. You know, that thing they do. One of them reads it, the other one acts it out. “Hey, we have seatbelts and oxygen masks.” “Things for you to use.” They show you how to use the seatbelt, in case you haven’t been in a car since 1965. “Oh, you lift up on the buckle! Oh!” “I was trying to break the metal apart.” “I thought that’s how it works.” “I was gonna try and tear the fabric part of the belt.” “I thought if I could just get it started…” Then they’re always pointing out the emergency exits, always with that very vague point though, isn’t it? “Where the hell would these places be?”, would you say. The plane’s at a 90 degrees angle, your hair is on fire, you’re looking for this. How you think you’re gonna do there? She’s thinking: “I’m getting out before you’re getting out.” “You’re dead, you’re dead, I’m gone.” Then they always have to close that first class curtain, too. They always give you that little look. “Maybe if you would have worked a little harder…” I wouldn’t have to do this. It’s all a tiny world on the airplane, isn’t it? There’s always that little tiny table there, tiny computer, little cramped seats, tiny food, tiny utensils, tiny liquor bottles, tiny bathroom, tiny sink, tiny mirror, tiny faucet. So, there’s a small problem, there’s gonna be a slight delay, we’re gonna be a little late. I always go in the airplane’s bathroom, even if I don’t have to go, I gotta go in there. It’s nice. It’s like your own little apartment on the plane, isn’t it? You go in there, lock the door, the light comes on after second. It’s like a little surprise party. But I’m always impressed of the amount of equipment that they have in that place. I mean it’s little, but they got tissues, towels, closets, compartments, tiny slot for used razor blades. They always have that. Who is shaving on the plane? And shaving so much they’re using up razor blades? Is this what’s happening? What? Is the wolf man flying in there, for Christ’s sakes? Who could shave that much?", "So, I’m supposed to go to ", "Florida", " next week after we’re done here. That’s where my older relatives live. I don’t really wanna go. Florida… A lot of old people down there. You know, they live in those minimum security prisons. That’s where they put all the old people. What’s with all the security there? With the guard gate, with that arm coming down, the guy’s got a uniform, guns… Are the old people trying to escape? Or, are people stealing old people? What is the security problem? I just can’t drive around there. You know how these old people drive… They drive slow, they sit low. That is their motto. The state flag of Florida should be just a steering wheel with a hat and two knuckles on it. And they left that turn signal on since they left the house that morning. That’s a legal turn in Florida. It’s known as an eventual left. You can signal this week, turn any following year of your life. What is that age that old people reach when they decide when they back out of their driveway, they’re not looking anymore. You know how they do that? They just go: “Well, I’m old and I’m coming back.” “I survived. Let’s see if you can.”", "One thing I like about being with my older relatives is it makes me feel like a kid again. You know, they’re feeding you. You’re trying to steal candy. Candy was my whole life when I was a kid. That was… First ten years of my life, I think the only clear thought I had was: ", "“GET CANDY!”", " That was it. Family, friends, school, they were just obstacles in they way of the candy. I’m out for the candy here. I’m just thinking: “Get candy! Get candy!” That’s why you have to teach kids not to take candy from a stranger if they’re playing in the playground, because they’re such candy idiot moron brains… They’re just: “This man has candy, I’m going with him.” “Goodbye. Whatever happens to me. Get candy, get candy…” “Don’t go! They’ll torture you, they’ll kidnap you.” “It doesn’t matter, he has an ‘Old Henry’. I have to take that chance.” “Get candy, get candy…” So the first time you hear the concept of Halloween when you’re a kid your brain can’t even process the information. You’re like: “What is this? What did you say?” “What did you say about giving out candy? Who’s giving out candy?” “Everyone that we know is just giving out candy?” “Are you kidding me? When is this happening? Where? Why? Take me with you!” “I gotta be a part of this. I’ll do anything that they want.” “I can wear that.” “I’ll wear anything I have to wear.” “I’ll do anything I’ll have to do to get the candy from those fools” “that are so stupid they’re giving it away.” So, the first couple of years I made my own costumes which of course sucked: the ghost, the hobo… Then, finally, the third year, begging the parents, I’ve got the Superman ", "Halloween", " costume, not surprisingly. Cardboard box, self-made top, mask included. Remember the rubber band on the back of that mask? That was a quality item there, wasn’t it? That was good about 10 seconds before it snapped out of that cheap little staple they put it in there with. You go to your first house: “Trick or…” Snap! “It broke. I don’t believe it!” “Wait up, you guys! I gotta fix it!” “Hey, wait up! Wait up!” That’s what kids say. They don’t say: “Wait!” They say: “Wait up! Hey, wait up!” ‘Cause when you’re little, your life is up, the future is up, everything you want is up. “Wait up, hold up, shut up.” “Mamma, clean up”, “Let me stay up.” For parents, of course, everything is just the opposite. Everything is down. “Just calm down”, “Slow down”, “Come down here” “Sit down”, “Put that down” So I had my little costume, I was physically ready, I was preparing myself, I did not try on the costume prior to Halloween. Do you remember… This is an obscure one but… On the side of the box, I remember from my Superman costume, it actually said: “Do not attempt to fly!” They printed that as a warning ’cause kids would put it on and… going off the roofs. I love the idea of the kid who’s stupid enough to think he actually is Superman but smart enough to check that box before he goes off the roof. “Let me see if it says anything about me being Superman…” “Oh, wait a second here, I…” So, anyway, but if my hopes were up I was thinking that this is probably the same exact costume that Superman wears himself. When you put these things on, it’s not exactly the super-fit that you are hoping for. It looks more like Superman’s pyjamas, that’s what it looks like. It’s all kinda loose and flowing. The neck line kinda comes down about there… flimsy little ribbon string in the back. Plus my mother makes me wear my winter coat over the costume anyway. I don’t recall Superman wearing a jacket. Not like I had: cheap __quarteroid__, phony fur. “Boy, I’m Superman but it’s a little chilly out and I’m glad I have this cheap little 10 year old kids jacket.” So I’m going out trick-or-treating but the mask’s rubber band keeps breaking and keeps getting shorter. I’m fixing it, it’s getting tighter and tighter on my face. You know, when it starts slicing into your eyeballs there and you… you’re trying to breathe through that little hole… getting all sweaty. “I can’t see, I can’t breathe but we gotta keep going, we gotta get the candy.” And a half an hour into it you just take the mask: “Oh, the hell with it.” Bing-bong! “Yeah, it’s me, give me the candy.” “Yeah, I’m Superman, look at the pants legs, what do you care?” Looking at those last years of trick-or-treating you’re getting a little too old for it. Still out there, going through the motions. Bing-bong! “Come on lady, let’s go.” “Halloween, doorbells, candy, let’s pick it up and…” They come at the door… they always ask you the same stupid questions: “What are you supposed to be?” “I’m supposed to be done by now.” “You wanna move it along the three musketeers.” “I got 18 houses on this block, sweetheart.” “Just hit the bag, we hit the road. That’s the way it works.” Sometimes they have that little white bag twisted on the top… You know that’s gonna be some crap candy. Doesn’t have the official Halloween markings on it. “Hold it, lady. Wait a second. What is this? The orange marshmallow shaped like a peanut?” “Do me a favor, you keep that one.” “We have all the doorstops we need already. Thank you.” “We’re going for name candy only this year.”", "Food is so complicated as an adult… You see people in the ", "supermarket", ". They’re just sweating out. Nobody knows… “what do I eat… the proteins, the carbs, the fat content…” “Oh, my God, the fat content!” We’re just walking up to each other: “You look good. What do you eat? Maybe I’ll eat that.” The whole supermarket itself is designed to break down your sense of having any life It’s like a casino. There’s no clocks, no windows, no easily accessible exits… Did you ever not buy anything in a supermarket and try to get out of there? It’s impossible. There’s no way out. You can see what happens to people. When they walk up to the supermarket, they really have a whole sense of purpose. “I’m gonna get this, I’m gonna get that, I’m gonna pay for it, I’m gonna get out of here and get back to my normal life.” You see that same person 10 minutes later just… “What aisle is this?” “Why did I come up here?” Always noticing something new. “Oh, they got them in muskeet flavor now…” “What is ‘muskeet’?” “I wonder if it’s made from mosquitoes.” Produce section I always find challenging. There’s always some special thing you’re supposed to know. You know, about each fruit… “Summer time make sure your peaches are…” I don’t know, whatever it is. You gotta fake it… you know, I’m shaking stuff holding it up to the light. “Yeah, that’s a good one. I’m sure glad I found that one.” Cantalopes rolling down the aisle. “See the way that’s fading left, that one’s not ready.” “I don’t want that one.”", "I’m very impressed with this ", "seedless watermelon", " product that they have for us. They’ve done it. We now have seedless watermelon. Pretty amazing. What are they planting to grow the seedless watermelon, I wonder? The melons aren’t humping’, are they? They must be planting something. How does this work? And what kind of scientists do this type of work? I read this thing was 15 years in development. In the laboratories with gene splicing or, you know, whatever they do there… I mean, other scientists are working on AIDS, cancer, heart disease. These guys are going: “No, I’m going to devote myself to melon.” “I think that’s much more important.” “Sure thousands are dying needlessly but this… that’s gotta stop.” “Have you ever tried to pick a wet one off the floor, it’s almost impossible.” “I really think we should devote the money to these studies.”", "Milk", " is a big problem for people in the supermarket. They’re never quite sure if they have it, if they need it. They bury it way in the back in the supermarket. You gotta find it, you gotta hack your way through all the displays. “Yeah, there it is. There’s the milk.” “Do we have any milk?”", "\nPeople are never really sure if they have milk. You think you have milk, you might have. “I know there’s a carton in there, I don’t know how much is in it.” “Well, what shall we do?” ‘Cause you wanna be sure. There’s nothing worse than thinking you have milk and not having it. You know, you got the bowl setup, the cereal, the spoon, the napkin, the TV, the newspaper, everything’s ready to go. You lift up the carton and it’s too light. “Oh, no!” “Too light!” Sometimes you think you need milk: “Hey we’d better pick up some milk.” Like many of you are thinking right now. “You know, he’s right. Maybe we should pick up some milk.” So you pick up some milk on your way home. And then you discover you already have milk. And now you got way too much milk. That’s no good either. Now it’s a race against the clock with the expiration date. That freaky thing. Now your eating punchbowls of cereal, three meals a day. You’re washing your face with milk. Bringing cats in from all over the neighborhood. “Hurry up and drink it! Come on, it’s almost time!” “Get back over here…” How do they know that that is the definite exact day? You know, they don’t say like it’s in the vicinity, give or take, roughly… They brand it right into the side of the carton. “That’s your goddamn day right there.” “Oh, don’t screw with us.” “We know what day is the final day.” “And then it is so over.” Have you ever had milk the day after the date? Scares the hell out of you, doesn’t it? The spoon is trembling as it comes out of the bowl. “It’s after the day! I’m taking a big chance!” “I smelled it, you smelled it, what is it supposed to smell like?” “It smelled like milk to me.” I don’t know how they’re so definite, though. Maybe the cows tip them off when they’re milking them. “July 3rd”", "To me the only thing tougher than the supermarket is the ", "drugstore", ". The drugstore’s really challenging because you have no idea what they’re talking about. You’re just looking at the ingredients… I had a cold a couple of weeks ago. So I go in there and I’m looking… The entire wall is cold medication. And you can’t understand anything so you’re just reading ingredients. Did you ever catch yourself reading ingredients in the drugstore? “Oh, this has .03 tetrahydroziline! It’s a good amount of that.” But it’s so hard to figure out. Sometimes they have: this one’s quick acting, this one’s long lasting. “Hmm, when do I need to feel good?” “Now or later?” “I don’t know.” They always tell you how the medicine works on TV in the commercials. That’s my favorite part, with the guy that says: “Here’s the human body” and there’s always this guy… No face, mouth open, this is how drug companies see the public. He’s always got the tube coming down here and then the circle area. These are the complex inner workings of the human body, I assume. I’m sure, when you go to the medical school, they put that up on the board the first day “Ok, everyone, now remember, you got your tube coming down from the mouth” “and that goes into your circle area.” “That’s pretty much all we know.” “That’s it for today.” “Don’t miss tomorrow,” “we’re gonna practice making people waiting in the little room in their underwear” “and then you’ll all be doctors.” “That’s all there is to it.” Then they have to show you the pain… the part where they say: “Here’s where you hurt.” Pain is usually represented by some sort of lightning attacking the guy, glowing redness is popular, sometimes parts of the guys body will just burst into flames… Sometimes the whole guy is out of focus. I never had a doctor saying to me: “-Are you having any pain?” “-Yes, I am.” “Are you having any lightning with the pain?” “Have you been in a fun-house mirror at any time?” Then they tell you about the pain relieving ingredient. There’s always gotta be a lotta that. Nobody wants anything less than ‘extra-strength’. ‘Extra-strength’ is the absolute minimum. You can even get ‘strength’. ‘Strength’ is out now. It’s all ‘extra-strength’. Some people are not satisfied with ‘extra’, they want ‘maximum’. “Give me the ‘maximum-strength’.” “Give me the maximum allowable human dosis.” “Figure out what will kill me and then back it off a little bit.” Why does that pharmacist have to be two and a half feet higher than everybody else? Who the hell is this guy? “Clear out, everybody. I’m working with pills up here.” “I’m taking them from this big bottle and then I’m gonna put them in the little bottle.” “That’s my whole job.” “I can’t be down on the floor with you people.” “Yes, I’d like to get this prescription pills, please.” “All right, but you wait down there.” “No one come up here but me.” There’s a little bit of arrogance in the medical community, I think we can all live with that.", "Like, when you go to see the ", "doctor", ", you don’t see the actual doctor first. You must wait in the waiting room. There’s no chance of not waiting. That’s the name of the room. The doctors are all back there… “We can’t take them now, we’ve already got this room.” You sit there, you pretend you’re reading the little magazine, you’re actually looking at the other people. “I wonder what he’s got.” “That guy is a goner.” Then they call you… You get very excited when they call you ’cause you think now you’re gonna see the doctor. But you’re not. Now you’re going into the next, smaller, waiting room. Now you don’t even have your magazine. Now you got your pants around your ankles, you’re sitting on that butcher paper they pulled out over the table… Sometimes I bring a pickle with me and I put it next to me right there on the table… …in case the doctor wants to fold the whole thing up for a to-go order. “Get your pants off and get in there and I will tell you what I think.” Doctors always want your pants off. “Take your pants off. The doctor would like to see you with no pants.” “Just get them off.” “- It’s my head.” “- I said, take your pants off.” But I hate the extra wait, so I start screwing around with some of his stuff. “Maybe I’ll turn that thing up a little bit.” “Whatever the hell that does.” Take all the tongue depressors out, lick’em all, put’em all back in. I, too, can play at this waiting game. Just once I would like to say to the doctor: “You know what? I’m not ready for you yet.” “Why don’t you go back in your little office and I’ll be in in a minute.” “And get YOUR pants off.” “Then we’ll see what’s what.” Why is it doctors need that little office for, anyway? Little books, little stupid aquarium. I guess he doesn’t want people to see him looking stuff up: “What the hell was that?” “Jesus Christ!” “That was kinda gross.” “That wasn’t the tube or the circle.”", "A friend of mine is going in for a ", "nose job", " next week. Guy. You know what the technical term for a nose job is? Of course you do… It’s New York. Everybody… Rhinoplasty! Rhino! This guy is aware he has a bit of a problem… he’s obviously sensitive about it, that’s why he made the appointment. Do we need to compare him to a rhinoceros? When you go for a hair transplant you don’t say: “We’re going to perform a cue-ball-ectomy on you, mister Johnson.” “We feel the chrome-dome-ia has advanced…” “to a level we term skin-head-ia.” “These are all medical terms, if you don’t understand.” Of course, everybody wants to look their best, they’re all out there, everybody wants to look good, guys, gals, sexuality. I’m a single guy, by the way, there are no other guys attached to me. Thank you very much. Thank you.", "I love you, too. But I do feel the need to see other people. I was kinda engaged about 10 or so years ago. Didn’t wanna get married, that was the closest I got. I can tell you this: if you’re engaged and you don’t wanna get married it’s a little tense. It’s like you’re on that first hill of the roller-coaster but you don’t really wanna go on the ride… going click-click, click-click… I was ", "best man at a wedding", " one time and that was pretty good. Pretty good title, I thought… ‘Best man’ I thought it was a bit much. I thought we had the groom and the ‘pretty good man’. That’s more than enough. If I am the best man, why is she marrying him? I had to wear the tuxedo which, I am convinced, was invented by a woman. “Well, they’re all the same, we might as well dress them all the same.” The tuxedo also functions as a wedding safety device for the bride… …in case the groom chickens out, everybody could just take one step over and the ceremony continues. That’s why they don’t say: “Do you take David Williams to be your faithfully wedded husband?” They say: “Do you take THIS MAN?” But, men and women will never understand each other, we all know that. It’s just not gonna happen, just forget it.", "I know I will not understand ", "women", ". I know I will never be able to understand how a woman can take boiling hot wax pour it on her upper thigh and rip the hair out by the root and still be afraid of a spider. I’m not spending anymore time working on that. And I know women don’t understand men. I know there are women looking at me right now wondering: “what goes on in that little brain of his?” “I bethca I could manipulate that brain.” I betcha you could. I betcha women would like to know what men really think… the truth, the honest truth. You wanna know what men are really thinking? ‘Cause I could tell you. Would you like to know? Alright, I’ll tell you. Nothing. We’re not thinking anything. We’re just walking around, looking around. This is the only natural inclination of men. To just kinda check stuff out. We work because they force us to, but other than that, this is really the only thing we wanna do. We like women, we want women. But that’s pretty much as far as we’ve thought. That’s why we’re honking car horns, yelling from construction sites… These are the best ideas we’ve had so far. Honking the car horn amazes me! This is gotta be just the last living brain cell in this guys skull that comes up with this idea. She’s on the street, he’s in the car. Beep-beep. “I think I made my point.” What is she supposed to do? Kick off the heel, start running after the car? Grab on to the bumper? The car comes to a stop… “It’s a good thing you honked.” “I had no idea how you felt.” Why do men behave in these ways? Why are we rude, obnoxious, getting drunk, falling down, peeling rubber, making kissing Why are we like this? I know what you ladies are thinking… “No, no, not my guy. I’m working with him, he’s coming along.” No, he’s not. He’s not coming anywhere.", "We, men, know: no matter how poorly we behave, it seems we will somehow end up with women anyway. Look around this room. Look at all the men you see with lovely women. Do you think these are special men? Gifted men? One of a kind men? They’re the same jerks as any of the ones that I’m talking about. They’re doing just fine. Men, as an organization, are getting more women than any other group working anywhere in the world today. Wherever women are, we have men looking into the situation right now. We explored the Earth looking for women. We even went to the Moon just to see if there were any women there. That’s why we brought that little car. Why would you bring a car, unless there’s some chance of going on a date? What the hell were they doing with a car on the goddamn Moon? You’re on the Moon already! Isn’t that far enough? There is no more male idea in the history of the universe than: “why don’t we fly up to the Moon and drive around?” That is the essence of male thinking right there. All men kinda think of themselves like low-level super-heroes in their own world. I’m not even supposed to be telling you this. But when men are growing up and are reading about Batman, Spiderman, Superman… these aren’t fantasies. These are options. This is the deep inner secret truth of the male mind.", "I’ll give you a perfect example of what I’m talking about. Did you ever see a guy, out on the highway, moving ", "a mattress tied to the roof of the car", "? Without fail, he’s got the arm out of the window holding the mattress. This is classic male idiot super-hero thinking. This moron believes that if the wind catches this huge rectangle at 70 mph… “I got it! I got it!” “Don’t worry about it.” “I’m using my arm!” But I’m sure there’re many dates going on in this room right now… Dating is not easy. What is a date really but a job interview that lasts all night? The only difference between a date and a job interview is in not many job interviews is there a chance you’ll end up naked at the end of it. “Well, Bill, the boss thinks you’re the man for the position,” “why don’t you strip down and meet some of the people you’ll be working with.” Sex doesn’t make anything any easier. It only makes it more complicated.", "Women have two types of orgasms: the actual ones and the ones that they make up on their own. And I can give you the male point of view on this. Which is: we’re fine with it. “You do whatever the hell it is you gotta do.” To a man, sex is like a car accident anyway. And determining a female orgasm is like being asked: “What did you see after the car went out of control?” “Well, I remember I heard a lot of screeching noises…” “I was facing the wrong way at one point…” “and in the end, my body was thrown clear.”", "I’ll tell you what I like about ", "Chinese people", "… They’re hanging in there with the chop sticks, aren’t they? You know they’ve seen the fork. They’re staying with the sticks. I’m impressed by that. I don’t know how they missed it. A Chinese farmer, gets up, works in the field with the shovel all day… Shovel… Spoon… Come on… There it is. You’re not ploughing 40 acres with a couple of pool cues…", "And why is ", "McDonald’s", " still counting? This is really insecure, isn’t it? 40 gillion, 80 million, zillion, billion, killion, tillion… What is this? Does it mean anything to anyone? 89 billion sold. “Ok. I’ll have one.” I would love to meet the chairman of the board of McDonald’s… Just to say to him: “Look, we all get it.” “You have sold a lotta hamburgers.” “Whatever the hell the number is.” “Just put up a sign: ‘McDonald’s, we’re doing very well!'” “I don’t need to hear about every goddamn one of them.” What is their ultimate goal? To have cows just surrendering voluntarily? Showing up at the door: “We’d like to turn ourselves in.” “We see the sign… we realize we have very little chance out there.” “We’d like to be a ‘Happy Meal’ if that’s at all possible.”", "I was in London about a month ago, the World Cup was going on. I enjoy any sporting event where nations get involved. I find that the most exciting. The ", "Olympics", " is really my favorite sporting event, although I think I have a problem with that silver medal. I think, if I was an Olympic athlete, I would rather come in last then win the silver. If you think about it… if you win the gold, you feel good. If you win in the bronze, you think: “Well, at least I got something.” But if you win that silver, it’s like: “Congratulations! You… almost won.” “Of all the losers, you came in first of that group.” “You’re the number one… loser.” “No one lost… ahead of you.” And they don’t loose by much. These short races… Three hundredths of a second, two hundredths of a second… I don’t know how they live with that the rest of their lives. ‘Cause they gotta tell the story. Everyone wants to hear the story. “Wow! Congratulations! Silver medal!” “Did you trip? Did you not hear the gun go off? Tell us what happened.” It’s a hundredth of a second. People say: “What was the difference in the margin there?” Eh, uh, that was it. I trained, I worked out, I exercised my entire life, I never had a date, I never had a drink, I never had a beer, I was doing push-ups since I was fetus, I flew halfway around the world, everybody I knew in my whole life was there, the gun was shot… Eh, ooh! And they always have that photo finish… That photo finish is always: silver, gold. This is the whole race. Gold, silver, bronze. Dead last. Greatest guy in the world… never heard of him. The guy’s gotta be thinking: “If I had a pimple, I would have won!” Some of the events in the Olympics don’t make sense to me. I don’t understand the connection to any reality… Like in the Winter Olympics they have that biathlon. That combines cross-country skiing with shooting a gun. How many alpine snipers are into this? Ski, shoot a gun… ski, bang, bang, bang… It’s like combining swimming and strangle a guy. Why don’t we have that? That makes absolutely as much sense to me. Just put people in the pool at the end of each lane for the swimmers… And that other one that I love is the looge When the guy wears this slick suit… This is on the bob-sledge run, but it’s not even a sledge. It’s just Bob. It’s just a human being hanging on for their life. This is the whole sport. “Oh, he pointed his toes. Oh, this guy’s a tremendous athlete.” The looge is the only sport that I’ve ever seen that you could have people competing in it against their will If they were just grabbing people off the street… “Hey, hey, hey… what is this?” “I don’t wanna be in the looge.” You put the helmet on, you wouldn’t really hear them screaming… You’d just… “You’re in the looge buddy.” World record. Didn’t even wanna do it. I wanna see that event next year: ‘the involuntary looge.’", "I consider myself something of a sportsman. I like sporty type things. ", "Scooba-diving", ". Did that in Australia… that was a lotta fun. A great activity where your main goal is to… not die. It’s really all I was thinking about the entire day. “Don’t die, don’t die, don’t die…” “There’s a fish. There’s a rock. Who cares? Don’t die…” “Let’s swim, and breathe, and live…” “Because living is good” “and dying… not as good.” So I go with this guy… Mister Scooba-Guy. He takes me to the store, makes sure I buy everything I need… I had the waterproof wallet… nylon… in case we run into a sea turtle that can break a 50. Waterproof watch… That’s important, gee… “You’re completely out of oxygen and look at the time.” “Geez, now I’m dead and I’m late.” I like these somewhat high risk things: the scooba…", "I’ve gone hand gliding, I’ve gone skydiving, I like a little bit of risk… I don’t know, maybe that’s why I do this… I saw a thing, actually a study that said: speaking in front of a crowd is considered the ", "number one fear", " of the average person. I found that amazing. Number two, was death. Death is number two? This means, to the average person, if you have to be at a funeral, you would rather be in the casket than doing the eulogy. Skydiving was definitely the scariest thing I’ve ever done. Let me ask you this question in regards to the skydiving: what is the point of the helmet in the skydiving? Can you kinda make it? You jump out of that plane and that chute doesn’t open, the helmet is now wearing you for protection. Later on, the helmet’s talking with the other helmets: “It’s a good thing he was there or I would have hit the ground directly.” “You never jump out of a plane unless you got a human being strapped underneath you.” “That’s basic safety.”", "There are many things we can point to as proof that the human being is not smart. ", "The helmet", " is my personal favorite. The fact that we had to invent the helmet… Why did we invent the helmet? Well, because we were participating in many activities that were cracking our heads. We looked at the situation… We chose not to avoid these activities but to just make little plastic hats so that we can continue our head cracking lifestyles. The only thing dumber than the helmet, is the helmet law, the point of which is to protect a brain that is functioning so poorly it’s not even trying to stop the cracking of the head that it’s in. At least the helmet is functional clothing. I appreciate that. Clothing to me, for the most part, is just such a tremendous pain in the ass. If you think of the amount of time, mental effort, physical energy, that goes into your clothes: picking’em, buying’em, does that go with that I don’t think I can wear that, I’m missing a button, this is dirty, I gotta get something new, that’s up my ass, can’t wear this… I think we should all wear the same exact clothes. Because it seems to be what happens eventually, anyway. Anytime you see a movie or a TV-show where there’s people from the future or another planet they’re all wearing the same outfit. I think the decision just gets made: “All right, everyone, from now on, it’s just gonna be the one piece silver suit” “with the V stripe and the boots.” “That’s the outfit.” “We’re gonna be visiting other planets, we wanna look like a team here.” “The individuality thing is over.”", "The dry cleaner", " I can’t stand. ‘Cause I don’t think he’s doing it. I don’t know what goes on back there but I cannot conceive such a thing as actual dry cleaning. We all accept it ’cause we see the stores everywhere. But, think about it. Dry? What is dry? You can’t clean something dry. What do they do? Tap it, shake it, blow on it? There’s gotta be some kind of a liquid back there. Did you ever get something on your clothes and get it off with your fingernail? That’s dry cleaning. That is the only dry cleaning. I brought this guy a suede jacket… got spots on it ’cause I was in the rain. He says: “there’s nothing we can do.” “Water ruins leather.” Aren’t cows outdoors a lot of the time? What? If it rains do the cows go up to the farmhouse “Hey, let us in. We’re all wearing leather out here.” “Hey, open up, man. I’m suede.” “I’m living suede.” ‘Dry clean only’ is definitely the only warning label that human beings actually respect. They look at cigarettes: “This will give you cancer, kill you an the kids.” “It’s good, I’ll do whatever the hell I want.” “Don’t drink this medicine and operate heavy machinery.” “Who cares. That’s for people who don’t know what the hell they’re doing.” “I’m a pro.” But if you have something that’s dry clean only and somebody goes to put it in the washing machine “Don’t put it in the washing machine! It’s dry clean only!” “Are you crazy, are you out of your mind?” It is amazing what people will believe.", "I watch these infomercials ", "late at night", "… If it gets late enough the products start to look good to me. I have actually found myself sitting there thinking “I don’t think I have a knife that can cut through the shoe.” “I don’t think any of my knives are good enough to cut through shoes.” “I’m gonna get this knife and cut my shoes off.” “That seems pretty good.” I think the dumbest thing you can do late at night is “I’m gonna get this thing and get in shape.” It’s 3 in the morning, you got potato chip crumbs on your shirt, you got one eye open, one sock hanging of the foot. “I’m gonna start working out with this thing.” “I’m gonna order this thing.” “This is all I need to get in shape.” “This is a fantastic device.” Rip-off.", "We can’t stop getting ripped-off. We’re gonna get ripped off. We think we’re not, we think we’re very clever, we think we’re gonna foil the ", "crooks", ". We go to the beach, go in the water, put you wallet in the sneaker, who’s gonna know? What criminal mind could penetrate this fortress of security? “I put it down by the toe. They never look there.” “They check the heels, they move on.”", "\nWhen you have a TV set in the back of your car and you gotta leave the car in the street for a few minutes so you put a sweater over the TV. “It’s a couple of sweaters, that’s all.” “One of them is square with an antenna coming out of it.” So feeble the things we come up with to foil the crooks! The ‘Wanted’ posters at the post office… You’re there, you got your package, you’re trying to mail something, this guy’s wanted in 12 states. Yeah, now what? Ok. I check the guy standing in line behind me… if it’s not him, that’s pretty much all I can do. Why don’t they just hold on to this guy when they’re taking his picture. “The guy’s there with you!” “Come out from behind the camera and grab him!” “No, we don’t do that. We take their picture, we let them go.” “That’s how we get the front and side shot.” “The front is his face, the side is him leaving.” Why don’t they put the pictures of the criminals on the postage stamps? Let the postman look for’em. He’s out there walking around all day. He’s got the uniform on. Can’t he do something? “We got another letter for you, mister Jon…” “I think that’s him…”", "So we really had a good time… This is the end of a long tour. When you’re on the road you always have to do whatever anyone suggests that day. Because you have nothing to do and you have no ideas so you do whatever anyone suggests. So, a couple of weeks we go to the track. I did that a couple of times in my life. Betting on the ", "horses", "… you can’t possibly win. I don’t understand what we’re betting on… Do the horses know that it’s a race? Are they aware? What is going on here? After the race are the horses walking back to the stable: “I was third, I was first, I was ninth.” I think they’re thinking: “Oat bag, I get my oat bag now!” “Oat bag time.” I gotta bet on this idiot? I mean, I’m sure the horses have some idea that the jockey is in a big hurry. I mean, he’s on him, he’s hitting him with this thing. He’s going: “Come on, come on” Obviously he’s in a hurry, the jockey’s in a hurry. But the horse must get to the end and go: “We were just here! What was the point of that?” “This is where we were.” “That was the longest possible route you could take.” “Why didn’t we just stay here? We would have been first!” I’ll tell you one thing the horses definitely do not know. They do not know that if you should accidentally trip and break your leg at any point during the race we blow your brains out. I think they’re missing that little tidbit of information. I think if they knew that you’d see some mighty careful stepping coming down that home stretch. “Take it easy, take it easy.” “You win, I’ll place… whatever.” “The important thing is your health.”", "I’ve gone horseback riding. I can’t do that. They don’t give you the really good horses when you’re not good at it, I found out. The guy says: “What level rider would you say that you are?” I say: “I don’t know… Zero, nothing, whatever the system is.” “I can’t do it. Is that clear enough for you?” “I’m going where the horse wants to go.” “That’s my level.” After they hear that, they start looking around: “All right, is Glue Stick back yet?” “How ’bout Almost Dead? Why don’t you saddle him up?” So I get on this U-shaped lightning-quick steed… I got the only horse you could put your feet flat on the ground while you’re riding it. “I’m riding a hammock here.” Looking up at my friends: “I don’t think that we all got the same kind of horse here.” It’s kind of a secure feeling. I could walk along with him if I wanted. And the horse wasn’t too thrilled with having me either. ‘Cause I don’t know what the hell I’m doing. So he takes control. Going this way, going that way… Then they just stop. “What? What is it?” And they look up at you… “Chill-out hop-along. I know the trail.” “I’m here every goddamn day, ok?” “And I really appreciate the kicking while I’m taking a leak, too.” “Thanks a lot. That really improves the already wonderful life that I have.” “People either sitting on me or kicking me while I’m peeing.” “I’m living in a paradise here at the ranch.” I get out of a car that has 300 horsepower so I can sit on an animal that has one. Why do we even use the term ‘horsepower’? Is that to further humiliate horses? The space-shuttle rockets have 20 million horsepower. Is there any point in still comparing it… to the horses? Any chance of going back to using rockets with horses, trying to keep track of how many we’re gonna need? “Hey, horse. There’s a rocket engine that broke down.” “Can you get 20 million friends together really fast?” “20 million? That’s a lot.”", "They make glue out of horses. I don’t know who started that. Who saw that potential? That’s pretty amazing to me. Working in a stationery store, a horse walks by: “Hey, wait a minute!” “I think he could be glue.” “How do we pick out the really sticky ones?” “You leave that to me.” “What about that one over there?” “He’s weaving around. He looks like he’s out of his mind.” “He’ll be ‘crazy glue’.” To me the toughest part of that horse life is that trailer. Why do they make the horse trailer like that? Is that the best way to move a horse out on the highway? With their huge fat disgusting rear ends right in my face? Do the horses like it? They’re probably standing in the back, going: “Do you feel a draft, Bill?” “I can’t see anything back there, but it’s awfully breezy, isn’t it?” “You don’t think our huge fat asses are hanging out the back of this truck, do you.” “Why the hell would they do that to us?” “They already ride us around and kick us while we’re peeing, why would they stick our ass out of a truck?” But I have fully adjusted to the road.", "I like ", "hotels", ". I enjoy tiny soap. I pretend that it’s normal soap and my muscles are huge. And you can always tell when you’re in a fine quality luxury hotel when the TV is bolted to a solid steel beam and welded into the wall. Is this a big problem in the hotel business? People coming up to the desk: “I’d like to check out.” The main thing is the bathroom, the shower, that’s gotta be good. That’s why I don’t like to stay with people on the road. I don’t want to be in other people’s showers. I don’t know how to operate them. You can never get the ratios right on the dials. Sometimes a 16th of an inch is a thousand degrees. You gotta get out of the way of the water. There’s always that little hair stuck on the wall, too. And you wanna get rid of it but you don’t wanna touch it. I don’t know how it got up that high in the first place. Maybe it’s got a life of its own. So you gotta aim the shower head at the hair… That never works. You gotta get a pool of water from under the shower and over to the hair. Get it down a foot at a time like this. The hair is hanging on. But… we have to fight these battles. We’re all alone in the bathroom. Whatever goes wrong you have to handle it. Did you ever go to a big party, go into the bathroom, flush the toilet, the water starts coming up… This is the most frightening moment in the life of a human being. You’ll do anything to stop this. You’ll loose your mind, start talking to the toilet: “No, please, don’t do this to me!” “No, come on, you know this is not my responsibility.” “I didn’t make this happen.” “I’ll get you the blue thing, the man in the boat, just let me off the hook this one time.” Thank you very much. You’ve been a wonderful audience. Thank you for coming."], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2018/01/07/jerry-seinfeld-im-telling-you-for-the-last-time-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "DAVE ATTELL: ROAD WORK (2014) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "February 25th, 2018", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["DAVE ATTELL", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["[Cheers and applause] – you guys ready to meet your headline act? Let me hear you. [Cheers and applause] – holy. – Come on, people, a little noise here. [Cheers and applause] your headliner, ladies and gentlemen, is one of the best comics in the entire business. Please give me a warm, loud round of applause for the one and only Dave Attell, everybody. [Cheers and applause] clap your hands, everybody, for Dave Attell. Here he comes, everybody, Dave Attell, everybody. Come on, people. Clap it up for Dave Attell. Clap your hands. Dave Attell, everybody. Dave Attell. [Cheers and applause]", "– Thank you very much. Vinnie Brand, everybody. Give him a hand. Thank you so much. It’s great to be here at the stress factory in New Jersey. Nice. And, uh, I need a cameraman, ’cause I’m broke. So who’s gonna help me out here? Miss, do you wanna do the camerawork? – Sure. – Okay, there you go. All right, I love it. And how about you, dude, everything good? There we go. Not that we don’t trust you. We have another guy taping you. All right, this is like— this is like North Korea, I love it. What’s your story? We should know a little bit about the people behind the scenes here. What do you do? – I was a hairdresser. – Oh, here we go, all right. [Laughter] Oh, look, you’re already doing your own sex tape. Can you wait? A camera goes on, she gets wet. Is that what it is here? I mean— here, here, here. Whoa. Wow. I was doing a show one time at this club, okay, right up front, a 12-year-old boy. Now what kind of parents—Cuban— bring a kid like that to see this filthy humor? Ridiculous. Good kid. Now he’s playing for the Mets.", "Anyway—what? I give it to you guys. It’s hard to watch me do my old shitty act in front of the world’s last phone or something. I mean, it’s not my fault Thomas Edison is from this town, and we all have to worship his magical device. Isn’t it amazing how phones used to be this big? Look at that, right? Everything’s smaller now: phones, dogs, dicks. They’ve all gotten tinier, but they do more. These jokes aren’t gonna be all this clean, all right? It’s gonna be a filthy dirty mess of a show. It really is. [Cheers and applause] I know, some of you are into it, some of you aren’t.", "My dad used to beat me when I was a kid. And he’d always go, “Dave, “I really don’t wanna hit you, but this is the only thing that gets me hard.” And you know what? Hey. Come on, it’s a joke. You know I don’t know who my dad is. I have no idea. I was raised in a carnival. Keep it up here, all right? Just on the punch lines, just—yeah, like— here’s something you rarely get to see, a gangbanger eating some strawberry shortcake. This is, like— is this a comedy club or a Denny’s in two hours? What’s going on here? I love a filthy pedophile joke with a little piece of strawberry shortcake. All right, ’cause I am evil. [Laughter] you wanna switch? See, look, there’s not much room on the stage here. This is great. This is like an MMA fight between two nerds. This is great. Ever do a bunch of mushrooms, think you’re having a pillow fight, but it turns out to be a live baby? Has that ever happened to anybody? All right. Just feeling the crowd out. Seeing who’s who here. Hello? Oh. Sorry. My career called, it’s dead. Um, sorry.", "Let’s go back to the women here. There’s a lot of hot women here. All right, yeah. Where are the single women? None, there’s no single women anymore. I don’t blame ’em. I like ", "when a woman’s on top", ". ‘Cause when a woman’s on top, you know what your job is? Not to die. That’s all you have to do, just lay there. And you get a chance to weigh her. Yeah. Fuck all of you, that’s funny. Now—I’m not gonna wait for you guys anymore. I like when a woman’s on top. They call it cowgirl style. Yeah, some girls wear a cowboy hat as they’re doing that. That’s a little too much. A cowgirl hat during cowgirl sex is like a turban on a plane. It is totally— [chuckles] it’s legal, but I’m not sleeping on that flight. I’m not. I got one eye on you, zero dark thirty. Yeah. [Chuckles] how about reverse cowgirl? That’s when they’re facing away. Have you—yeah, I don’t know who invented that, but they were ugly. Yeah, like, “hey, I’ll bang ya, “I just don’t wanna look at ya. I mean—” you gotta believe in yourself as a dude, when your woman does that. Because, you know, it does look like she’s getting up to leave. It really does look like, “hey. If you’re gonna go, bring back something to eat.”", "So— [laughter] I watch all these reality shows. I guess my favorite would be this one called, uh, the pit boss. It’s about a little guy. His name is shorty. And, uh, he’s— you know, he’s a midget. [Under breath] all right, he’s a midget. All right. Don’t worry, there’s no midgets here, all right? It doesn’t smell like cinnamon and, you know, confetti or nothing magical. It’s just—you know. It’s cool, all right? Anyway, he goes to jail for, like, ten years. He’s a little guy, okay. I don’t know what that is in midget years. I guess maybe, like, 150,000 million years. I don’t know. I was homeschooled. Gets out of jail, and now he rescues pit bulls. Which I think he thinks are horses. I’m not exactly sure. Bang. That’s a joke, yeah. Hard-core. Thank you. [Laughter] I have never, ever seen a midget mail a letter. Have you guys— have you ever seen that? No. Evidently, the tall man does not want the little man communicating his recipes and spells and potions through the magical blue box. Let him mail a letter, huh. I don’t even think they should have to use stamps, which they call paintings, ’cause, you know— they should be able to kiss the envelope, and it just gets wherever it needs to go. Santa. [Laughter] you guys are cool, you’re laughing at that. I’ve done that joke with a little person in the room. They’re not that cool about it. Mostly, you know, ’cause I was drunk and I was doing this over his head. So, you know, god couldn’t hear his prayers. And, um— they don’t like the word “midget.” They don’t like “little people.” What do they wanna be called? “People,” that’s what they want. “People,” okay. If they’re people, then that bumps the rest of us up into being gods. And that’s a lot of work. [Clears throat] they should worship us, or I’ll make it light and dark in here with this magical cloud switch. It’s a light switch, for those of you who have no idea what I’m doing here. A light switch. [Laughter] to sum up, would I blow a midget? You know I would. ‘Cause I know his dick tastes like toys. So, there you have it. We’ll be right back. [Chuckles] [drumming] – and now, ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together for mr. Dave attell. [Cheers and applause] – keep it going for ’em, everyone. The legends of polynesia. Come on, chicopee, mass, you can do it. Excellent work. Now that’s the way to start a show. Am I right? Yeah. Now prepare to be bored to death for the next hour. Thank you, guys. All right, take it easy. – Thank you. – All right. Can you guys— really, get back in the shack, all right? Just get back in that shack. And the dude— put a bra on, all right? Really, got— it’s a family show here. Keep it going. Come on, guys. You remember that show lost. Give ’em a hand. [Cheers and applause] oh, I’m not drinking my fantastical drink. Mmm. Mm. This is like, I don’t know, getting a rim job from a unicorn. I can’t even— – you have some on your chin. – I do? – Yeah, just a little. – Well, I hope he calls me tomorrow. [Laughter] that deserves just a little one. [Faint rimshot] just a little— a little something. [Laughs] I divide my life up into two parts, before honey boo boo and after honey boo boo. Now, for those of you who don’t know who she is, I don’t even know who she is. Where did she come from? I don’t know. Did her mom deep throat a corn dog on a ferris wheel, and she popped out? She’s cute. But three years from now when she’s a mother, it’s gonna be a lot— hello? Wow. Excuse me, I’m just gonna step into a vietnam flashback for a minute. I’ll be right back. [Chuckles] it’s a hot l.z. “I need to get pulled out!” [Chuckles] too family-oriented in here. I don’t like it, I don’t like it. I expected, like, drunk dudes, you know, just fuckin’ coming here ’cause they can’t afford to go to a strip club. I mean, you know. – Take it off! – I went to a strip club. And you can always tell how good it is by the name. This one was called “the double chin.” Now that was not good. 10 Bucks to get in, 20 to get out. It was horrible. I went to one, it was a vegan strip club. Can you believe this? Vegans, yeah. I walk in, the girls are so weak, they can’t even climb the pole. They’re hanging on like koala bears. They were licking the pole for iron. It was so sad. [Laughter] one of the vegans says to me, “you should go down on a vegan, we taste better.” Oh, really? I can speak for every guy in here. As long as it doesn’t taste like balls, it’s all right, really. ‘Cause balls are disgusting, aren’t they? Wow. And they stink. Yeah, they do. All right, I’ll speak for my balls. On my best day, my balls might smell like a foot, on my best day. And the sack, ugh. The sack, growing all the time. My sack looks like a tent no one knows how to fold up. It’s just all over the place. [Laughter] and the penis is ugly, huh? Ew. That’s what they should’ve called it, “ew.” Have you ever seen a penis before and after sex? What happened? Before, it’s hard, full of jager and lies. It’s got a plan. It’s on a mission. [Laughter and cheering] it goes in, right? Three minutes, two if you’re married, it comes popping out. It’s all twisted, covered in goo, blinking or twitching. What is it doing down there? It looks like all the odd number rocky movies. Yeah, just defeated. [Laughter] thank you. My cameraman, dude. [Laughter] what the fuck? – Oh, my god! – Dude, you’re my camera guy. – Get that phone down! – If this was cnn, we would’ve missed the whole arab spring, dude. Oh, now you’re overdoing it. “Oh, look at me, I’m really trying now.” Too late! Back to the sex jokes. Sex toys. Say what you want about ’em, but there’s never been a recall. So wherever they make ’em, they’re making ’em pretty good. I think they make ’em in china, yeah. Little kids are making our sex toys. And I know it’s sick, but it does make it a little more erotic, knowing their little hands are all over ’em. Mmm. [Chuckles] [laughter] they got a double-headed dil— they got the double-headed dildo. “What kind of phone is this?” “Back to work!” What’s your favorite sex toy? Can I talk— can you get this, dude? Okay, good. Okay, so just for continuity, I’m just gonna bring this tree with me, so— [laughter] miss, what— [exhales] what’s your favorite sex toy? What do you like? – The celebrator. – The celebrator? Is he in town? Wow. [Chuckles] the celebrator— what is that? – It looks like a toothbrush. – I think you’re being fooled. That’s an oral-b that you’re putting in your hooch. [Laughter] you know what guys have now? The anywhere vagina. Have you ever seen this? – Pocket pussy? – A pocket pussy? Whoa. Is that the technical term? Okay. I call it living in my mom’s basement way too long. [All cheering] back me up on this. It’s a vagina with a sticky on the back. And you lick it, and then you put it on the wall, and then you fuck it. Okay, it’s idiot-proof. What I like to do is buy a bunch, and leave ’em on hotel walls all over the country. Kind of a johnny appleseed of filth. [Laughs, coughs] sorry, guys. That’s what smokers call breathing. Oh, what happened? Oh, no. Scott, you knocked over my drink. Get a picture of that. Somewhere a clown fell down. You can tell, ’cause anytime you spill a daiquiri— [chuckles] look at that, wow. Careful, scott. You’re gonna knock over the fake palm tree. So, since you guys love filth, I think you’re gonna appreciate this. Do you know what anal beads are? [Hushed laughter] excuse me, out front did it say, “magic show?” No, it didn’t. It said, “polynesians and filthy guy.” That’s what it said. Anal beads, what’s— what do you think is worse: more beads coming out than went in, or the missing bead? No man left behind. That’s how I was taught. It looks like a job for the rescue gerbil. Yes. That joke was— did everybody eat? I should’ve said that before that joke. Did everybody? Okay, good. – Minneapolis, acme comedy club. [Cheers and applause] yep. Wow, this is good. All right, I’m doing this on a budget, so I’m gonna need someone to help me be my cameraman. Who wants to do it? You wanna do it? – Sure. – There ya go. This guy looks great. What’s your name, sir? – Justin. – What’s it? – Justin. – Are you a fan of comedy? – Absolutely. – All right, I’m gonna change that right now. All right. Thanks for coming down, guys. It’s great to be here in minneapolis. You guys, this is the whitest town I’ve ever seen in my life. Yes. If christian mingle was a place, it would be here, right here. But you’re good people. You are the healthiest, nicest people. You’re, like, almost canadian. I really think— oh, it got a little ugly there, didn’t it, huh? Everybody here is on a bicycle. Hmm, yeah. That is queer. I mean, everybody— I saw a guy today my age on a bike. That is just weird. You see a guy, an old man, on a bike like that, you’re like, “that dude has a dui. “That guy is just a drunk. “He’s a drunk. Look at him.” I like booze. I’m a booze guy. Justin, do you like booze? Yeah, there you go. I can tell. – Just a little bit. – Just a little bit? There’s nothing wrong with it. Whiskey is a great drink. Now whiskey’s very classy and adult, till you shit your pants. But other than that, it is great. Now you think of whiskey, you think of, like, a sad old white man. Like, a guy like me in the rain, screaming the word, “whore,” at a house he used to own. “Hey, whore. “Are you enjoying that home, you whore? I built that deck!” [Laughter] women drink whiskey now too, right? Whiskey drinkers, there you go. Women drink whiskey and they always class it up with a little diet coke. Why diet coke? You’re drinking whiskey, the wildest drink known to man. Are you really counting calories while you’re drinking whiskey? “Well, I don’t know wanna look flabby “two hours from now when I’m tag-teaming truckers on a pool table.” [Laughter] “I don’t wanna look all puffy as I’m screaming the n-word at an eclipse.” All right, sorry. That one would’ve killed in idaho. So— I like to hold the door open for a woman, ’cause I think that’s very gentlemanly, yeah. But I only hold it open about this much. Yeah. And if you can’t squeeze through, “I will make pig noises till you do. “Get in there. “Get in there, hog, come on. There’s cheese in there.” [Laughter] [clears throat] I guess what I’m trying to say is I wanna have a family. Kids are great. Dogs are way better than kids, am I right? Yeah, wow. ‘Cause you can shake a dog, and not go to jail. I think that’s really good. Justin, you’re good? You can move the camera around a little bit. It’s all right. This isn’t baby’s first steps or anything like that. I want it— I want it nasty, motherfucker. [Laughter] this is a progressive state. You guys just legalized gay marriage. You did it, yeah. Give yourselves a hand, yes. [Cheers and applause] I am for gay marriage, okay? Yeah, as long as they’re both the same race, I don’t see anything wrong with it. [Laughter] no, ’cause every guy’s done something gay. We’ve all had a gay moment. I know this, ’cause I’m from the future. I know it. Whether it’s an uncle teaching you how to make a tie while you’re both not wearing pants, huh? Hey. Or just wearing a scarf. Have you ever worn a scarf? It’s a little fruity. It’s a little fruity. “Well, I gotta keep my throat warm, “just in case there’s a cock-sucking competition “on balls-on-my-chin avenue. Oops.” You good? That was excellent. That was like ice capades, synchronized. [Laughter] I do magazines. Anybody else? Yeah, magazines. ‘Cause I’m old, but I still masturbate. But I take an aspirin first. Anyway—for my heart. Did you guys know— there’s young guys here. Did you know that porn was originally in magazine form, and before that it was puppets, and then it was just homeless guys who needed food. We just had ’em act out. Magazines are cool, because as you’re masturbating, you also get to do this. Whoa. I’m, like, a sophisticated pervert. [Chuckles] justin, what do you think, huh? Look at that, thumbs up from justin. I found a butt plug on a city bus one time. Can you believe that? Yeah. How do I know? ‘Cause it fit perfectly. Come on, guys. Easy joke. Wow. [Laughter] anal bleaching— what do you guys think? No, as a baby name. Do you like it or no? Bang, bang, bang. This is great. We got some young guys here, right? Some warriors? Okay. If a girl says, “put it in my ass,” she’s a dude. All right. A little something I learned in the scouts. We’ll be right back. – What’s up, philadelphia? How’s it going? Let’s hear it, come on. Philadelphia. [Cheers and applause] look at you guys. Wow. I really need some help. Can somebody be my cameraman tonight? Who would— who would like to do it? It’s gotta be somebody in the front row. You wanna do it? Okay, cool. Could you look more out of work, sir? I mean, really? Look at this guy. Here you go. Thank you so much. What’s your name? – I’ll see ya. – Whoa! First time in eight shows, I love it. What’s your name, dude? – Paul. – I don’t know why I gave the camera to paul. I should’ve given it to this sad-looking mumford & son guy over here. World’s worst seat. Where’s your chick? You have no—no chick? – Waiting for the escort. – Yeah, you’re waiting on an escort? Finally, the other guy I’ve been meeting online. All right, dude. This is what my comedy’s about. Don’t let this weird banner from game of thrones frighten you, okay? What are you drinking? – A yuengling. – A yueng— all right, philly, got it. All right, I got it. And then you’re gonna go home and cry to boyz ii men? What are you gonna do? I mean, you don’t have to philly it up all the time. Philadelphia. Let’s look at the background here. This is definitely not philly, ’cause look at all that parking. And, um, there’s no one running after me for my iphone, wearing a wig, so I don’t see— you guys are very protective of your town. I don’t blame you one bit. I don’t blame you one bit. We need to legalize stuff here. Pot should be legal. I think everybody in this crowd— paul, right, pot? – Yes. – Are you a pot guy or no? – No. – Exactly, you’re, like, at that age where, like, “if I can’t afford coke, I’ll do nothing.” Pot should be legal. Have you ever seen a pothead get arrested? It’s a sad arrest, okay. They handcuff him. He has no idea what’s going on. He thinks he’s being shown a magic trick. He has nothing— no idea. What are the cops so afraid of? The guy is smoking pot, a silly, harmless drug. It’s a vitamin in Baltimore. I don’t even know— “oh, watch out, he’s smoking pot. “He might have a long story with no ending on him. This guy’s a pothead.” [Laughter and applause]", "Philly is a great town, but let’s get right to it, okay? That cheesesteak is out of control. I’m kind of a big guy myself, so I figure I can handle it. But as I get older, I realize I gotta plan the cheesesteak. Like, I can eat one, fine. But the next day, it’s anyone’s game. I don’t know when it’s gonna come out, how it’s gonna come out, where it’s gonna come out. That is a hard dump, the cheesesteak dump. I mean, it’s not so much the steak, it’s that bukkake of whiz in there, okay? Just that, like, bang. [Chuckles] I mean, that’s a bad dump. It’s more of a hate crime than it is a dump. It’s the kind of dump where you gotta flush, spray, and paint, okay? It’s that kind of— hello? I got more. It’s the kind of dump— it’s the kind of dump where if your dog walks in, he’ll back out like a cat. That’s the kind of dump. Yes. [Laughter] this is disgusting. This is inappropriate, I apologize.", "Let’s pull it back a bit. Fisting. All right, fisting. Do we have people from other countries here? I’m always curious to what— what they call fisting. Au bon pain, or the other— fencing without swords? What do you guys call it? I can speak for every woman in here. There is no romantic way to fist someone. Even if you were on a cruise ship, the sun is setting, you just had a delicious buffet, and now it’s vicious fisting. And as your man pulls out, in his dirty filthy palm, you notice an engagement ring. You’d be like— [laughter and applause] you’d be like, “why didn’t you put it in my salad?” “Well, I kinda did.” And then you’d wink. You would wink.", "I know what it is, it’s incredibly hot. Let me—let me get this kmart fan on everybody. Is that what it is? It’s a little hot down here. So, let me get this kmart— or as we call it up north, black macy’s. Let me get this fan on everybody. Could you get some? Paul, are you getting some? Is it blowing back the laughter? Is that what it’s doing? It does feel good, doesn’t it? Oh, my god. You know what we should do tomorrow, early? – What? – Balloon rides, let’s go. Has anyone been in a hot air balloon? That has gotta be the coolest, ’cause you’re not really in the— pick a side, dude, I mean, really. [Chuckles] why do I pay him in red bulls and meth? I don’t know what I was thinking. Scott. I am killing down here. Dude, high-five me on that one. Thank you. Are you having fun? [Laughter] I like how you guys laugh, but you look at me like there’s an amber alert waiting to happen. So it’s, like, I’m sorry, I apologize. Some of you are laughing, ’cause you see it as a joke and not a plan. So I think that’s great. But there’s always the one guy after the show who takes it a little too far. Like, “oh, that’s not cool, man. I was molested by a priest.” That’s awkward, right? What am I supposed to say? Well, this is what I did say: “you are a good-looking kid. I mean, you know—” [laughter] “you should’ve held out for a bishop. “What can I tell ya? I mean, they come at ya diagonally.” Anybody, chess? [Laughter] I give that joke three sanduskys. I’m tellin’ ya— hey, come on! It’s time. It is time. Paul, are you getting this? This is crazy action. How about you, the lord of no energy? Are you enjoying this? No? What jerry sandusky did was wrong. But I do wanna know one thing: were those kids playing better? Now, i— hear me out! I used to play a little ball in school. I know that would’ve put some of the hustle in me, if I knew my coach was gonna fuck me in the shower. Yes. “Hey, attell, rub-a-dub-dub.” “Oh, shit. Huddle up, guys.” [Laughter] relax. There’s no huddle in tennis. Now— you’re laughing. Now I know it’s funny. [Laughter] – let’s throw one out for the ladies. Now, is size important, ladies? – Yes. – Exactly. That was a little too quick. All right. But there’s such a thing as too big, am I right? I mean, like, if it’s big enough— no? Who is this girl? [Laughs] who is this girl and how is she able to sit down? That’s what I wanna know. Like, let’s say his dick was snow, and it was so big it could close a school. Would that be— [laughter] I did that one for the south jersey people. No? All right. Women are amazing, okay. Going down on a woman— does any guy know how to do this good? – No. – Who said that? Miss, how come you’re not sitting up front, and this wall of hate is up here? [Laughter and applause] I don’t know what I’m doing down there. This is what I do, okay? Are you with me? This is what I do. I pretend I’m in a bank robbery, yeah. I get low, I shake, and I just wait for instructions. I’m like, “mm-hmm. Mmm.” [Laughter and applause] thank you. You’ve been to a bank. You would have to go to a bank to understand that. [Cheers and applause] I assume women like when a guy does that, right? Here’s a fun thing to do next time. Okay, next time your guy goes in that area. Do this, okay? It’ll blow his mind. Come eventually. I mean, it’ll just— yeah, yeah. As a goof, just as a goof. Move around, blink, twitch, do something. I mean, really, I don’t think a sex act should be longer than a civil war reenactment, but that one is. If you even yawn, I’ll high-five your foot. It’s over, we’re done. We’re watching tv. Nice. [Laughter] but to be fair to women, ’cause this isn’t pakistan, I gotta tell ya… [Laughter] you ladies are so smart. You figured out a way to a blow a guy without even blowing him. Look how quiet it got, ’cause you know I’m right. No, there’s a lot of licking going on and a lot of tugging, but very little sucking. Yeah, you’ve been there, right? “Oh, look, daddy, I’m licking it like an ice cream. What do you think?” I think you’re taking a break, that’s what I think. Yeah, ’cause you’re talking. You’re talking. You’re talking and that’s, like, 90% of a blow job, is you can’t talk. You’re just taking a break. If this was the blow job factory, you’d be leaning on a broom, telling a story, while everybody else would be busy making blow jobs. We all know what a blow job looks like— back of the throat, can’t breathe, can’t talk, mascara dripping down your cheeks, like you just saw a clown hit by a truck. That’s a blow job. [Laughter and applause] [coughs] shit. Don’t worry, it’s not airborne, whatever that was. All right. [Chuckles] I did a show one time— are you ready? Okay, you’re a good crowd. I did a show one time for these special needs kids. Okay, yeah. It was a benefit, okay. I did a benefit for the special needs kids. And they were heckling me, okay? No, and it hurt. ‘Cause unlike them, you know, I feel. And I’ll tell ya— yeah, no. I know. I know they feel hot and cold, but I’m talking the whole rainbow of feelings. All right? They were heckling me. Not like you guys, special heckles. And that— yeah, that is weird. The biggest one, right? I assume he was the leader, ’cause he’s wearing all these medals, right? Like I said, this is not— not an appropriate joke. All right, the biggest one, he stands up and he starts pointing at me. And he’s like, “you’re not candy. We want candy. You’re not candy.” Hours later I talk to their handler, right? I’m like, “what? “What is up with this candy, ‘you’re not candy’ thing?” And she’s like, “well, either you’re sweet and delicious, or you’re not.” And I’m like, “oh, you’re one of ’em.” So, once again, not for everybody. Okay. Hours later, or as they say “this manys,” we’re at—stay— just stay with me. We’re at the aquarium, or as they call it, the sea zoo, you know, where— where the wet animals live. We’re at— [laughter] I’m so sorry. We’re at the aquarium, and the specials are riding dolphins, okay? They got ’em in helmets. They’re just throwing ’em in the dolphin tank, just throwing ’em in. Throwing ’em in like the dolphin’s gonna swim the special out of ’em. Just throwing ’em in. The dolphin isn’t liking it. The specials aren’t liking it. They’re all making— they’re all making the same noise. They’re like, “aah, aah, aah.” Which means “you’re not candy” in dolphin. Now, some of you are not laughing ’cause you have a soul. Others— others are like, “what a waste of dolphin! “Throw him in a baby pool with a wet dog, and tell ’em it’s a dolphin.” The poor man’s dolphin ride. You all right? There you go, it’s over. Wow, look at all that energy. [Cheers and applause] I knew a good old-fashioned special needs joke would get you guys going. – Let’s get to the reason why we’re all here. Please welcome mr. Dave attell. [Cheers and applause] – all right, we’re here at one eyed jacks new orleans. All fun stuff was invented in new orleans. Jazz, huh? All: yeah! – Poker, craps, looting. You guys know what you’re doing here. There you go. This one drunk. He knows what I’m talking about. This member of the duck dynasty, coming and out of the— coming in and out of the bayous, trading ducks and gator skins for clean needles and baby wipes. I don’t know what they do. I don’t know what’s going on here. [Laughter] oh, good, a switch. Now—this is tough. I watch a lot of porn. You guys watch porn, don’t you? [Cheers and applause] girl-on-girl, do you know this type of genre of porn, this niche, girl-on-girl? Yeah, it’s when one girl has a drug problem and the other one needs to pay rent. And they just scissor until they break their dads’ heart. It’s a— this porn star I know goes, “you know, they don’t come when they do that.” I’m like, “well, I do, all right? So keep doing it.” Won ’em back. [Laughter] the real hero in that joke is lubricant. Do you guys use lube? Probably not. You just rub a little jambalaya down on your holes and let it happen. What am I talking about lube in this town? Everything’s fuckin’ lube here. – Whoo! – I think women enjoy lube, right? Ladies, huh? Your chick? Mr. Uncomfortable and his woman over here, right? [Laughter] I don’t know what groupon deal you did to do this fuckin’ show, dude. You do not— all right, lube. When you pull out lube in a relationship, women are into it. Pull out, like, a two, three-gallon jug of lube, right? She gets that— get that look in her eyes. “Wow, if he can afford lubricant, “he probably can afford breakfast. “This guy is great. I better put my teeth in, whoa.” All: ohh! – Oh, fuckin’ just pull back your mullet and take it. Geez. What’s going on here? In the commercial for lube, they always show the fun pre-lubing, never that post, awkward lube clean-up, you know? It’s just a total mess. You’re wearing a hazmat suit, your girl’s slipping on it, your dog’s licking it, there’s a thumbprint on the alarm clock. Oh. [Laughter] wow, the crowd’s rolling. It’s rolling. We’re on. Are you having a good time? Yeah, this is good, right? How about the—the row of guys who kinda look like me? You guys? It’s like the three—the mount rushmore of fuckin’ lonely. Here we are, just bald. There’s something about flip flops in this town that I don’t know if it’s either courageous or stupid. – Awesome! – How many puddles of vomit and urine and just discharge do you have to jump? Can I get a kahlua and cream and just a pot to boil my toes. Can I just—gonna go over to the voodoo shop and put some liniment on that now. Make yourself at home, man. Wow. He’s the first guy we’ve been taping ever. He’s the first guy who really made it his own. Did you get a lot of practice on that show cheaters? They’re sending their security in now, man. [Crowd groaning] uh-oh. The crowd is going—something’s happening here. – You ruined everything! – It’s a hostage situation. Well, hold his hand, help him down like a lady. Help down like a lady! What happened to the southern hospitality? [Mumbling] isn’t that the saddest thing? That’s the most exciting fucking thing that’s happened so far? Fuck. Don’t drink and drive. That’s what I’m saying, guys. Take a pedicab. They’re out there right now. That’s the way to see a town. Slow, hot, with just a hint of slavery. I love it. When I get out, I don’t tip ’em, I free them. I’m like, “keep running! “Keep running till you hit maryland! Keep pedaling and pumping.” This joke needs more cord! Help me out! Thank you. Fuck. Sounds like an episode of deadliest catch. Ugh. People want you to smoke the e-cigarette. Have you seen it? Yeah. I was smoking one of these things, people don’t like that. I was smoking it, a woman walks in front of me, she starts coughing and waving her hand in front of her face. Why? Oh, she doesn’t wanna get any science in her? Is that what it is? Oh, oh, secondhand new ideas. Oh! My hair smells like steven hawking’s ball sack. – Oh! – I’m just covering a fart. Go ahead. – Get louder! You gotta talk louder. – I—you can’t hear me? Wow, way to kill a boner with that voice. Holy shit. The anti-viagra. [Drawls] “hey, you comin’ in or what? This pussy isn’t gonna eat itself.” [Woman hollers] how about a hand for the guy that’s gotta fuck that? How about that now? [Applause] you wanted a hard motherfucker, I’m a hard motherfucker in this room! I was dating a girl with a lazy eye for a while. Mostly ’cause she was good at finding parking. But I’ll tell ya— [laughter] I’m the w— I’m the worst comic. I am just horrible. – Handicapped! – Oh, you’ve never driven around with a cockeyed bitch? Well, this whore— this half-lizard, she could find a spot two clicks back. She was that good. But I never could pull a facial on her. No, she could see it coming two days ahead of time. Facials. Not many women are into it, but if god didn’t want you to do it, why did he give you eyelids? All right? Scripture says! Women are into it, but then at the last second their dignity kicks in, now they turn away. Well, there’s no pause on a dick. Now you’re gonna catch one in the back of the head or as they call it up north “a lincoln.” I’ll tell ya— [laughter] some girls—some girls use their teddy bear as a secret service agent to block the shot. No. “You can’t come on a teddy bear. That’s cajun bad luck.” Jizz has no sound. That’s why guys add their own rough commentary to let the woman know that something that is not ice cream is about to hit her in the face. It’s called “being a gentleman” all right? [Laughter] it’s always rough, dirty talk. Like, “take it, you whore! You’re lovin’ this shit! “I’m dropping bombs. I’m dropping bombs! Flappity flippity! Aw—you’re adopted.” Now. They don’t mean that at all. But these guys—these guys are pornstars. They got multiple loads. I’m an old man. My load looks like a homeless guy blowing his nose on the street. It’s just— there’s no glory to it. It’s just a load, dribble, dribble, dribble, steam. That’s all it is. [Cheers and applause] we did it! Here’s to you, man. Excellent work, scott. Thank you very much. I love you, new orleans. You guys are great. Thank you. [Cheers and applause]"], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2018/02/25/dave-attell-road-work-transcript/"}
{"title": "CHRIS ROCK: BRING THE PAIN (1996) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "February 17th, 2018", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["Chris Rock", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Live from the Takoma Theatre in Washington D.C. Are you ready? I said, are you ready? It’s time to bring the pain, give it to me for Mr. Chris Rock! How are you? Washington! D.C., chocolate city! That’s right! Home of the Million Man March! (event organized by the Reverend Louis Farrakhan, leader of the Nation of Islam, October 16, 1995 in Washington, attended by one million African American men) That’s right, the Million Man March! That had all the type of black leaders there! Farrakhan, Jesse (Jackson) ", "Marion Barry", " … [", "Mayor of Washington re-elected despite being jailed for drugs", "] Marion Barry … at the Million Men March! How did he get the ticket? It was a day of positivity! How did he get it? Marion Barry at the Million Man March, do you know what that means? It means that even in our finest hour we had a crackhead on stage! Yes, boo all you want, but you know I’m right! How the hell did Marion Barry get his job back? He smoked crack and got his job back. How the hell did that happen? If you get caught smoking crack at McDonald’s you can’t get your job back! That’s right, they are not gonna trust you around their Happy Meals! They’ll send your ass to Hardee’s. (Another American fast food chain). He smoked crack and got his job! I want to know who was so … Who ran against him that they lost? Who was so bad they lost to a crackhead? What was their campaign like? Were they, like, on heroin? (???) “Vote for me!” “Vote for me! Don’t vote for crack, vote for smack!” Marion Barry… come on, how are you gonna tell little kids to not get high… when their mayor is on crack? “Don’t get high. You won’t be nothing (???).” “I could be Mayor!”", "Crack", " is everywhere, crack everywhere … you know what they say? “Crack is destroying the black community.” “Crack is destroying the ghetto.” Yeah, like the ghetto was so nice before crack! They say that shit like everybody had at least (???) a mansion, a yacht and a swimming pool … … then crack came by and dried it all up! I think we always focus on the negative side of crack … Always on the negative side of crack. What about the good side of crack? What about the beauty of crack? What about the good things that crack has brought into our minds that were not there before? Do you know what the good side of crack is? If you’re up at the right hour you can get a VCR for $ 1.50! You can furnish your whole house for $ 10.95. Why? Because of crack! Shit … At Christmastime, have you ever bought somebody a crack gift? They think you’ve got them something. (???) “Oh, you should not have!” “I didn’t!” Bought from a crackhead! I think they should just legalize crack. Legalize it. Do you know why I want them to legalize crack? Just so my friends’ mothers can have something to brag about. “You know, Ron has got his own crack house now! Johnny’s got his own crack house. When I drive by …(???): ‘That is my baby’s crack house right there’ Hey guys, jump on (???) Legalize, man. All drugs should be legalized, all! Why? People want to get high. That’s right. People think about getting high right now. People are like: “Damn, how much longer is the show?” (???) People love to get high! You could get rid of all illegal drugs in the world and it won’t mean shit. People want to get high. If you get rid of all the crack, all the heroin, all the blow, you know what will happen? People will just think of new ways to get high! That’s right, guys will go to their basement and become scientists and say, “Check this out, check this out!” “You know, if you get a baby’s bottle, right? Fill it up with a little gasoline, dead llama ??? beans and then suck it. You will be fucked up!” That’s right! Now we’ve got the war on drugs. Bullshit! The war on drugs is bullshit, it is the way to get more motherfuckers in jail, that’s all it is … yes! That’s all it is! The drug dealers don’t really sell drugs. The drug dealers … offer drugs! I’m thirty years old, ain’t nobody ever sold me drugs. Nobody has ever sold nobody in this room some drugs! ??? you ever in your life not thinking about getting high and somebody sold you some fucking drugs? Hell, no! The drug dealers offer: “Man (???), you want some smoke, you want some smoke?” You say “No”, that’s it! Now, the Jehovah’s Witnesses, on the other hand … Shit! No, man, drug dealers don’t sell drugs: drugs sell themselves. Crack is not an encyclopedia, not a fucking vacuum cleaner! You know, you don’t really gotta try to sell crack, OK? I never heard a crack dealer go, “Man, how am I gonna get rid of all this crack?” “It’s just piled up in my house!” That’s right, men! I don’t fuck around. ???. Probably main reason I do not do drugs is my big brother. Big brother. Junkie alcoholic! But doesn’t eat pork, ’cause “pork’s not good for ya!”", "People are full of shit, man. People who shoot heroine, and they go: “You know, ", "red meat can kill you!", "” What do you mean “red meat can kill you”? Only in America we say some bullshit like “red meat can kill you.” We’ve got too much food in America. Too much food! “Red meat can kill you”? People are starving all over the world! What do you mean, “Red meat will kill you”? No, no no! Don’t eat no red meat? No. Don’t eat no green meat, ok? What are you talking about? You know, if you are one of the chosen few people on this earth who is lucky enough to get your hands on a steak: bite the shit out of it! Too much food in America! We’ve got so much food in America, America is the only country in the whole world that makes people feel bad for being fat. The only country in the whole world. People are starving all over the world. You’re fat some place else (???), people are like: “Damn, how did you do that? “That’s amazing! I gotta hang with you! “Oh, you think you are ??? fat ass?” I put on some weight, we’re gonna hang! ”", "\nToo much food in America, man! We’ve got so much food in America ", "we’re allergic to food", ". Allergic to food! Hungry people aren’t allergic to shit! So do you think anybody in Rwanda’s got a fucking lactose intolerance?", "\nNow we’ve got some people who don’t eat ", "pork", ", what the fuck is that shit about? You don’t eat pork! You don’t eat pork! Some people don’t eat pork for religious reasons. I think it’s ??? shit. (Nothing against ???) religion, but I refuse to believe that on Judgement Day my diet is going to come into question, OK? What you eat has got shit to do with who you are as a person, ok? “Hey God, I killed a bunch of kids … but I eat right!” No! That ain’t gonna help, man (???). No. You see, people don’t realize that religious books were written by men. Men wrote everything. Men wrote the Bible, men wrote the Koran, men wrote the Torah, all that shit written by men. Thousands of years ago, before … you know, like, 5000 years ago, before there were the DOMOPACK ???, before there were refrigerators, before there were freezers, before there was seasoning (???), a pork chop might kill you! That’s right. One drop: “Aaaah!” Dead! But times have changed. That’s right, you see, times have changed, People, you know, 5,000 years ago were like, “Damn, this pork is killing everybody!” “How can we get people to not eat pork?” “Ok! Tell them God said, don’t eat it.” And everybody said, “Okay, God said, don’t eat it.” And they stopped eating it. But times have changed. Now we’ve got refrigerators, we’ve got freezers, we’ve got some (??? cellophane) wrap, we’ve got (??? aluminum) wrap! Now a pork chop is your friend! That’s right, if you are starving, a pork chop will save your life! Shit, I eat a pig’s ass, if cooked right! My family is from the South. You know, people from the South love pork. No matter what you eat down South, they’ve got some pork in it! “Hey, this is a good fish, what kind of fish is it?” “Pork fish!” You know what the nastiest part of pork is? Pig feet. Pig feet ??? in ???? old ??? jar, ???? when I was 14 years old! And pig feet are floating around in that liquid, the brown beige rust liquid … What is the liquid? What is that, pig piss? And people actually pick out the pig feet “No, not that one, the other one …” Like there is any difference shitty ??? pig feet! “No, give me that one, the one with the nail in it! “(???) That was athlete’s pig foot!”", "A lot of stuff going on this year. ??? racial issue. What was the big thing this year? Elections! ", "Colin Powell", "! “He should run! He could win! Colin can win, he should run!” Can’t win! Colin Powell can’t win! Colin Powell’s got a better chance of winning the bronze in female gymnastics … … to being the president of the United States. Get the fuck out! White people ain’t vote for Colin Powell! They say they are, but they are not! Ok? This ??? soup his head off, make him run ???? killed for trying ????. Shit, Colin Powell! White people say they’re gonna vote for him because it seems like the right thing to say. It just seems like a cool thing to say: “Yes, I would vote for him …” It just seems like the right thing to say, just like when you ask somebody if they want to be an organ donor. They always say “yes” … But nobody wants to be an organ donor! Nobody, it just seems like the right thing to say. Shit, organ donor is for people with no faith at all! You know, what if they figured out a way to bring you back from the dead? Now I have no eyes! Ain’t this a bitch! Back from the dead and I can’t see shit! “Mom, I’m back! Mom, where are my eyes? “You gave them to a little boy in Idaho? “Now I will have to kill him to get my eyes back!” Colin Powell can’t be president! You know how I could tell Colin Powell can’t be president? Whenever Colin Powell is on the news, white people always give him the same compliments. Always the same compliments! “How do you feel about Colin Powell?” “He speaks so well!” “He’s so well spoken!” “He speaks so well!” “I mean, he really speaks well!” “He speaks so well!” Like that’s a compliment! “Speaks so well” is not a compliment, OK? “Speaks so well” is some shit you say about retarted people that can talk! What do you mean “He speaks well”? What, he had a stroke the other day? What the fuck ??? man. How the fuck do you expect him to sound, dirty motherfucker? What are you talking about? “He speaks so well …” What are you talking about, “he speaks so well” What voice were you looking to come out of his mouth? What the fuck did you expect him to sound like? “I’m a-drop me a bomb today!” “I’ll be pres-o-dent!” Get the fuck outta here! Now they’re telling that Colin Powell should run for vice president. Do it for his country. Fuck the country, shit! He ain’t gonna run with the guy he could beat. He ain’t gonna run with fucking Dole. He could beat Dole! ??? they only act so a black man can do something that fucking stupid. Run with a guy he could beat. Get the fuck out of here! They won’t act (???) so white guy won’t do no shit like that! They’re not gonna ask Al Gore to run with Al Sharpton, no! (Famous “perennial candidate”. U.S. politicians who are always in the elections, despite being regularly defeated) Get the fuck out of here, man! Vice-President … you know what? It ain’t gonna happen! As long as you live you ain’t ever gonna see no black vice president. Not while the president is white! Oh no, you will never see. Do you know what they say, “never say never”? I say never! You will never see no black vice president. Not while there’s a white president, and you know why? ‘Cause some black guy would just kill the president, that’s why! Shit, I’d do it! If we had a black vice president right now, I could not have waited to kill the president! Shit! Now what’s gonna happen? What’re you gonna you do, put me in jail with a bunch of black guys? they’ll treat me like a hero for the rest of my life. Shit, even if they had a death penalty, what would happen? Skipped off (???) by the black president! I would be the biggest star in the history of jail! Be signing autographs, “97/KY” Here you go! Shit, if I would be in jail guys would come at me: “Yo, Chris, Chris, yo, man! I hope my kids turn out to be just like you, man! “You know, I was getting ready to rape you until I realized who you were!” Oh, they will rape you in jail, boy!", "See, the whole damn country is so damn conservative. Everybody says: “", "Jails", " ain’t tough enough. Jails ain’t tough enough.” “We gotta have the death penalty. Jails ain’t tough enough.” Jails are fucked up, ok? Don’t believe the hype. The problem is … The reason jails are so crowded ’cause life is fucked up too! People are broke, people are starving, life … … Shit! Life is catching up to jail! Shit, if you live in an old project, a new jail ain’t that bad! Shit, I’ve watched on HBO they had a special on: The Jail Special. A couple of months ago. Now, normally when you see a special about jail, it’s on regular TV and there is a lot of shit they don’t show. Oh, not the HBO Jail Special! Oh, they showed it all. They interviewed a brother and ???: “Sir, when a new inmate comes in and he wants some drugs, how do you initiate him?” The guy goes, ‘Well, the first thing I do is make him toss my salad! ” The guy is like: “Toss my salad? What is that?” “Having your salad tossed means having your asshole eaten out with jelly or syrup. “I prefer syrup!” I’m not making this up! And then the guy says, ‘Why must you go through all that, why not just oral sex? ” And he goes: “Well, when a man’s sucking your dick he can pretend that’s something else.” “When he’s licking ass, he knows it’s ass!” I tell you (???)! We don’t need the death penalty! We’ve got the toss-salad men! Shit, if I had a choice right now between the electric chair and tossing a salad … I’d be like: “So where are you plugging in? “Shouldn’t I be wet?” Everybody says: “Oh, schools are out of control, they are out of control, “We need prayer in the schools.” We do not need prayer in school! We need the toss-salad men in school! That’ll straighten the kids up! “Hey Jimmy, you’ve got a D. You know what you gotta do?” “Noooooo! Nooooo! I will not toss the salad! I will not!” “I will read! I will learn to read!”", "A lot of racial shit this year … A lot of racial shit: what is the big thing? ", "O.J.", " [", "O.J. Simpson was acquitted of murder charges", "] O.J. was big. That’s right. Black people too happy, white people too mad. The white people like: “That is a bullshit!” I ain’t seen white people that nasty since they cancelled “M.A.S.H.”! Black people ???: “Yes, we won, we won! Yes! We won!” What the fuck did we win? Every day I look at the mailbox for my O.J. prize: nothing! Nothing! “That was all about race.” That shit wasn’t about race. That shit was about fame! If O.J. wasn’t famous, he’d be in jail right now. If O.J. drove a bus, … If O.J. drove a bus, he wouldn’t even be O.J. He’d be Orenthal the Bus Driving Murderer. They all go: “Oh, the jury was so stupid.” Get the fuck out of here, man! “It’s so stupid, how did they …?” White people would have done exact same shit, OK? The exact same shit! Because if that was Jerry Seinfeld tried with double murder and the only person that found the bloody glove happened to be in the Nation of Islam … Jerry’d be a free man! And eating cereal right now. [", "Seinfeld is known for his love for cereals", "] Now, let’s run down the case. Who’s the guy, Ron Goldman? (Other ex-football player, who was killed along with wife of OJ Simpson) That was her boyfriend. Don’t be mistaken thinking there was some guy returning the glasses, right? When was the last time you forgot some shit at the restaurant and they brought it back to your house? Shit, I want to eat there! Shit, you could leave a newborn baby in a restaurant and they’ll put him in the coat room! Second of all, he was known to drive around town in this Ferrari that O.J. had bought for her. Think about this shit. I buy you a car and you’re gonna let another man drive around in my car? Are you out of your fucking mind?! Shit! God! You’d better recognize … Shit, I don’t even have a Ferrari, but if I saw somebody driving in my Pinto … … That shit would blow like in the ", "Godfather", "! I’m not saying he should have killed her … … But I understand!", "\nYou know what else? O.J. was paying $ 25,000 a month in alimony. $ 25,000! 25! $ 4000 a month for food! For food! What the fuck was she eating for 4 grand a month? I guess she’s like: “I gotta get some extra cheese on my waffles (???)!” Yo women y’all got it good … When it’s time to get a divorce, women got it made. They go to court, start talking some shit (???): “Your Honor, I’m used to this, I’m used to that, I’m accustomed to this …” Yo, what the fuck is “accustomed”? What’s that got to do with shit? Hey, you go to a restaurant, you’re accustomed to eating. You leave, you ain’t eating no more. They don’t owe you a steak! Now, women go to court, talk that shit: “Your Honor, I’m used to this, I’m used to that, I want some money, give me some money!” And they get the money! What about what the men are used to? What about what the men are accustomed to? That might not be money. But during the course of a relationship a man grows accustomed to a few things. Now, we’d love to see a man go to court and say, “Your Honor, check this out ‘… “I’m accustomed to fucking her four times a week … “Now I think I should be able to fuck her at least twice a week! “I mean, she can have her alimony. But I want some pussy payment!” Am I wrong? (???) That’s, right, man, shit! That alimony that’s what made OJ crack! That alimony! She’s paid that big-ass alimony, he ain’t scored a touch-down in twenty years … That’s right, should have had a prenup. That’s right, a prenuptial agreement. Everybody needs a prenup. People think you gotta be rich to get a prenup, oh no! You’ve got 20 million and your wife wants 10? Big deal, you ain’t starving. But if you make 30 000 … and your wife wants 15 … … You might have to kill her! Shit! “Shit, I ain’t going to move back with my mama ’cause you ain’t in love! “You’re gonna have to die!” So you gotta think about OJ’s situation.: (He’s paying) $25,000 a month (in alimony), another man’s driving around in his car and fucking his wife in a house he’s still paying the mortgage on. Now I’m not saying he should have killed her… … But I understand!", "You know who I feel for ??? I feel for more than anybody else, man? ??? to O.J. and Nicole to fuck off, man. Do you know who I really feel for, who I feel for more than anybody else? ", "Ike Turner", "! You know what? ‘Cause Ike was the king of the woman-beaters till OJ took his title! Now Ike says: “Hey, I could have killed Tina! “What about me? What blood’s got to do with it?” (reference to Tina Turner’s “What’s Love Got To Do With It”) That’s the big thing now, domestic abuse! That’s the big shit in ’96, domestic abuse!", "Everybody’s doing it: OJ, Warren Moon, Billy Dee Williams … ", "Billy Dee Williams", ", Billy Dee Williams beating on women! What the fuck is the world coming to? Say it isn’t so! Billy Dee Williams! What? I guess he must have had a little too much Colt 45. (A malt liquor) You know what they say, “There’s no reason to ever hit a woman.” Shit! There’s a reason to hit everybody. You just don’t do it. Shit, there’s a reason to kick an old man down a flight of stairs. You just don’t do it. Ain’t nobody above an ass-whooping. Ok? Anybody can give you a reason to hit him. And women know this for a fact. Women ??? women know this for a fact there ain’t nothing more crazy, nothing more out of control, nothing more likely to embarrass you in a fucking restaurant than a woman that knows you ain’t gonna hit her! When a woman is with a man she knows a 100% ain’t gonna hit her, oh! She can’t wait for him to do something wrong so she can yell at him like a little boy. “What the fuck are you gonna do? Kiss my ass! I don’t care where we are, just kiss my ass! “you punk ???, you punk ass! Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you!” And the man’s like, “How the fuck did we get here?” I’ll tell you how you got there. You had an argument with your woman, you went too far and that was it for you. And women know you can go too far. She’s like: “You can’t.” Yes, you can go too fucking far! I am a man, and if I’m having an argument with a man that’s bigger than me I know there is a zone I don’t go into. Ok? A zone I don’t fuck with, ok? Then women, women will go at you, they don’t give a fuck. They’ll spit on you, they hit you: “What the fuck are you gonna do? What the fuck are you gonna do?” Then she says something… they say the wrong thing, something like: “That’s why your mother’s a bitch!” And she knows she went too far! Then she braces herself for the hit like … then the hit don’t come, she’s like: “Oh, I’ve got him now! “You little dick motherfucker, kiss my ass! Little dick motherfucker! Yeah, I don’t give a fuck! “Yeah, I’ve fucked all your friends, that’s right! Yes, I did that! I tossed the salad, child!” No, I do not think it’s cool to hit women, I do not do that shit. I do not think it’s cool, I never hit a woman in my life and would never hit a woman. I do not do that shit. I would never ever hit a woman in my life, never! That ain’t cool! I would never hit a woman. No! But I would shake the shit out of a woman! “What’s wrong with you? Are you crazy, woman? “I’ll kill you, girl! What the fuck are you tossing salad for? “Are you crazy? Are you ??? shit, shut the fuck up! “Shut the fuck up! Shut up! I’ll let go when you shut up! “I’ll shake this wig off your head! “I don’t give a fuck! Shut up! Shut the fuck up! “Now I let you go … and you’re gonna sit down here, you’re gonna fucking eat your food … “We’re gonna argue when we get home, right? I want to hear no shit! “You’re gonna fucking eat your fucking food, and we’re gonna argue when we get home, ok? “Ok? Ok? I’m gonna let you go and ??? I don’t wanna hear no shit! “Problems?”", "Now we’ve got a lot of things… a lot of racism going on in the world right now. Who’s more racist, black people or white people? It’s black people! You know why? Because we hate black people too! Everything white people don’t like about black people, black people really don’t like about black people. There’s some shit going on with black people right now. It’s like a civil war is going on between black people and there’s two sides: ", "there’s black people and there’s niggas", ". The niggas have got to go. Every time black people want to have a good time, ignorant niggas fuck it up! You can’t do shit! You can’t do shit without some ignorant niggas fucking it up! You can’t do nothing, you can’t keep a disco open for more than 3 weeks … Grand opening, grand closing! You can’t go to a movie the first week it comes out, why? ‘Cause niggas are shooting at the screen! What kind of ignorant shit is that? “Hey, this is a good movie, this movie’s so good I gotta bust a cap in here!” Hey, I love black people, but I hate niggas! Oh, I hate niggas! Boy, I wish they’d let me join the Ku Klux Klan! Shit, I’d do a drive-by from here to Brooklyn!", "\nI am tired of niggas, man! You can’t have shit when you around niggas, You can’t have shit. You can’t have no big screen TV! You can have it, but you better move it in at 3 in the morning. Paint it white, hope niggas think it’s a bassinet. Can’t have shit in your house! Why?! Because niggas will break into your house. Niggas that live next door to you break into your house, come over the next day and go, “I heard you got robbed!” Nigga, you know you robbed me. You ain’t hear shit ’cause you was doing shit!", "\nDamn! I am tired of niggers! Tired, tired, tired, tired, tired of niggas, man. Damn, You know what’s the worst thing about niggas? Niggas always want some credit for some shit they’re supposed to do. For some shit that you’re supposed to do! A nigga will brag about some shit a normal man just does. A nigga will say some shit like, “I take care of my kids.” You’re supposed to, you dumb motherfucker! What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What kind of ignorant shit is that? “I ain’t never been to jail!” What do you want, a cookie?! You’re not supposed to go to jail, you low-expectation-having motherfucker!", "\nMan, I am tired of this shit! And you know what is the worst thing about niggas, the worst thing about niggas? Niggas love to not know. Nothing makes a nigga happier than not knowing the answer to your question. Just ask nigga a question. Anything! “What is the capital of Zaire?” “I do not know that shit!” “Keepin’ it real!” Niggas love to keep it real! Real dumb! Niggas hate knowing! Shit! So ??? if the niggas break into your house, you want to save your money? Put them in your books! ‘Cause niggas don’t read! Just put the money in the books! Shit, a book is like kryptonite to a nigga! “Here’s a book!” “Nooooo! Nooooo, noooo a book!”", "I’m tired of this shit, man. ", "Your kids can’t fucking play nowhere", ". Every year the space gets smaller. “Ok, you go from that corner to that corner. “You can go from that gate to that gate.” By the time ??? ten he’s just hopping in the circle …", "\nI’m tired of this shit, man! Tired, tired, tired! Be-bop-bo-peek-a-boo, I hate niggers! I’m tired of this shit, man! Tired, man! Niggas are just ignorant, love being ignorant and are singing about ignorance! I heard some song the other day: “It’s the first of the month …” Niggas are singing ", "welfare", " carols! “On the first day a welfare my true love gave to me” “I wish you a merry Welfare and a happy Foodstamps!” What the fuck is going on? What the fuck is going on? Now they’ve got some shit, they’re trying to get rid of welfare. Though every time you see welfare they always show black people. Black people don’t give a fuck about welfare. Niggaz are shaking in their boots! “Oh, they’re gonna take our shit!” Shit, a black man who’s got two jobs, goes to work every day, hates a nigga on welfare. “Nigger, get a job! I’ve got two, you can’t get one? “I’d give your lazy ass one of mines, but you’ll get fucked up, ang get laid off, “And they wouldn’t hire another nigger for ten years!” Shit! A black woman, they’ve got two kids, going to work every day, busting her ass, hates a bitch with nine kids getting a welfare! “Hey bitch, stop fucking! Stop fucking! Stop it! “Put the dick down! “Put it down, get a job! Yes, you can get a job, “Get a job holding dicks. Whatever you do, get paid to do it!”", "\nI’m tired of this shit, man. Tired, tired, tired! It ain’t all black people on welfare, shit. White people are on welfare too. But we can’t give a fuck about this. We’ve just got to do our own thing. You can’t go, “Oh, they’re fucked up? We could be fucked up!” That’s ignorant! White people don’t ????. First of all, they’re trying to make it look like… there ain’t even that many black people in the country, ok? Black people are 10% of the fucking population, Black people are in New York, DC, LA, Chicago, Atlanta … like, ten places, ok? Ok? Ten places … there ain’t no black people in Minnesota! All you find… the only black people in Minnesota are Prince and Kirby Puckett, ok? Shit, the whole rest of the country, the other 40 states, is filled up with broke-ass white people! Broke-ass, living in a trailer home, eating mayonnaise sandwiches, fucking their sister, listening to John Cougar Mellancamp records! Shit, get the fuck out of here, man! “And they need your help!” No, man! Now I see some black people looking at me, “Man … “… Why you gotta say that? “Why you gotta say that? It ain’t us, it’s the media. It ain’t us, it’s the media. “The media has distorted our image to make us look bad. “Why must you come down on the likes of us ??? like that, brother? It ain’t us, it’s the media! ” Please, cut the fucking shit, ok? Ok? Ok? When I go to the money machine at night, right? I ain’t looking over my back for the media, I’m looking for niggas! Shit, Ted Koppel ain’t never took shit from me! (known journalist for ABC) Niggas have! So do you think I’ve got three guns in the house because of the media outside? Oh shit, Mike Wallace! Run! (known journalist, CBS) Get the fuck out of here, man! I’m tired of this shit. Tired, tired, tired of this shit! I do not know, I need to go back to school. That’s what I’m gonna do ???. Oh ??? I need to go to school. But you know, if you’re black, you get more respect coming out of jail than school. You get no respect coming out of school. You come out of jail you’re the fucking man! “Whatsup, nigga” ???? You come out of school nobody gives a fuck. “Hey man, I got ouf of school, I got my master’s!” “So what, bitch? “You punk-ass bitch! Don’t come round with all that reading and shit! “Do not come round with all that counting, shit, I can count too: 1, 2, 4, 5, so what? “I’m counting these rocks, biatch!” You can have a master’s degree, niggas don’t care. “Hey man, I’ve got my master’s!” “What, you’re my master now?” “I should ??? listen to your punk ass? Fuck you, nigger! “Fuck you. So what you’ve got a master’s degree!? So what you’ve got a motherfucking master’s degree? “Oh, you’re the smarty ass nigga, huh? You’re the smarty ass nigga! “Let me ask you this, let me ask you this: “Can you kick my ass?” Oh, niggas worth nothing. I dropped out of school. Dropped out. I’m sorry. Got myself a G.E.D. You know what GED stands for? Good Enough Diploma You knoe, G.E.D. is bullshit. So let me get this straight, I can make four years in six hours. You know, as soon as you get your GED, someone’s always got the nerve to go: “Now you can go to college!” Slow down! I think it’s obvious high school is busting my ass. You can’t go to no college with no GED! All you can go to with a GED is a community college. (small local public university) You know why are they called community colleges? Cause anybody in a community can go, “crackheads, prostitutes, drug dealers, come on in!” Community college is like a disco with books. “Here’s ten dollars, let me get my learn on!” So ??? I went to community college, and I said ??? : “Let me take some shit I know.” So I took a Black history class. I’ve got to know this, I’m black, right? I get a B just for showing up, right? Wrong! Failed. Ain’t that some sad shit? A black man failing black history… that’s sad…. ‘Cause, you know, fat people don’t fail cooking! “That’s paprika!” Failed Black history. Why? ‘Cause I didn’t know shit about Africa! Cause you know, you go to white schools, you learn Europe up the ass. Never learn shit about… I still don’t know shit about Africa. The only thing I know about Africa it’s far. Africa is far, far away. Africa’s like a 35-hour flight. So you know that boat ride was real long! The boat ride is so long there are still slaves on their way here! I didn’t know nothing at school. All I knew was Martin Luther King. That’s what they would teach you at school about blacks: Martin Luther King! That was my answer to everything, “Martin Luther King!” “What is the capital of Zaire?” “Martin Luther King!” “Can you tell us the name of the woman that would not leave her seat on the bus?” “Oh, that’s hard … “Are you sure it was a woman? “Oh, I’ve got it! Martina Luther King!” You know what is sad, man? ??? Martin Luther King stood for non-violence. Now what’s Martin Luther King? A street! And I don’t give a fuck where you are in America, if you’re on a Martin Luther King Boulevard, there is some violence going down! It ain’t the safest place to be. You can’t call nobody telling them you’re lost on MLK … “I’m lost, I’m on the Martin Luther King …” “Run! Run! Run!” “The media’s there!” Sad, sad, sad! Now, a lot of women are here tonight. That’s good. I like women. My mother is a woman and that helps. You know a cool thing about women? Women get to have platonic friends. “He’s my pal, he’s my bud … “He is my platonic friend, I love him like a brother! “He’s my bud, my platonic friend!” Men don’t have platonic friends, ok? We just have women we haven’t fucked yet! “As soon as I’m figuring this out, I’m in there!” We’ve got some platonic friends, we all do, I’ve got some but they’re all by accident! Every platonic friend I’ve got is some woman I was trying to fuck … … I made a wrong turn somewhere … … And ended up in the Friend Zone! “Oh, no, I am in the Friend Zone!” Women keep platonic friends forever. Why? Because you never know … That’s right, they get rid of their girlfriends every 6 months! “What happened to Pam?” “She thinks she’s cute.” But they keep the platonic friends forever, why? ‘Cause you never know … “What happened to Carol?” “I can’t hang with her!” But they keep the platonic friends forever, why? ‘Cause you never know … Do you know what a platonic friend is to a woman? It’s like a dick in a glass case. “In case of emergency break open glass.” Fellas, if your woman’s got platonic friends that’s who she’ll be fucking when you mess up! One of them guys wouldn’t even be thinking ??? about it, boy. She’ll be crying on his shoulder: “I can’t believe this happened, I am so glad you’re here …” That’s right! It’s gonna happen to you! You know the next man who’ll fuck your woman. You’ve met him, he’s been at your house, he ate your food, he drank your wine! And he shall betray you! ??? One thing I learned about women: Guys, never ask a woman how many men she slept with! ‘Cause you don’t want to know. Just be happy you’re fucking her now. Why do you want to know? You ain’t discovering shit! You ain’t putting a flag nowhere. Just be happy you’re …. her now. Why, why do you want to know? Why, why do you want to know? First of all, no matter what she’s saying, it is too much for you. No matter what she says. She can go: “Two.” And you’re like: “Two?!” “Two? Two?! No, no, no! Two? Two?! “I guess that’s how you were raised …” Women are liars. ??? cause she’s gonna lie. Women will lie about how many guys she fucked in court! They don’t care. “Yes, I swear” “uh, uh …” Yes! If she says three, that’s ten! ‘Cause you’ve got to give every woman like a 7-dick curve. That’s more like 3 dicks in the 8th power! And women, you all think you are slick, no you ain’t slick … I know the game, I’ve watched them folks. ???? If you ask a woman how many guys she fucked, she’s not gonna tell you how many guys she fucked. She’ll tell you how many boyfriends she had. ‘Cause women only count their boyfriends. That’s right, they don’t count all those miscellaneous dicks they had. That guy they met at the club … The guy they fucked in the club that night, or that time they fucked Bobby Brown! The guy they fucked in Jamaica: “That’s another country, it doesn’t count!” “I thought we were just talking about domestic dicks!” Women got it good. Good, good, good, good, good. I don’t know. I feel sorry for them sexually sometimes. Because men we only have one responsibiliy: knock it out, that’s it. Be good in bed – that’s your only responsibility. Women, you know, they can be good, but sometimes they’re trying not to be too good, you know what I mean? Sometimes women have to ration out their pussy, you know? So they want a man to think he’s got a good woman, but do not want him to think he’s got a ???. And so they’ve got to ration out their pussy. “Ok, I’m gonna fuck him now, but I won’t suck his dick for two weeks.” “All right, I’m gonna suck his dick now, but I won’t lick his balls till next month.” “All right, I’m gonna lick his balls now, but I won’t lick his ass till next year!” Men, we’ve got to use ??? all our tricks right away, whatever we’ve got, just give it….. whatever. We can hold nothing back. We don’t know if there’s gonna be a return engagement. So we’ve to to go for it ????. I just don’t know … I’ve just had ??? another phase in my life, at another point in my life, you know. It’s time to settle down, time to settle down. That’s what time it is, time to settle down. Women are always ready to settle down. Shit, woman goes to four good dates, she’s like, “Why we bullshit? ??? “What are you waiting for?” Men are never ready to settle down. Men don’t settle down. We surrender! “All right, all right, I’ll marry you, that’s right! ??? “All right, dammit! Ok. Just tell me the day before and I’ll be there, ok?” No offense, but you’ve got… every man’s got… especially man, you’ve got to settle down. Do you know why you gotta settle down eventually? Because you don’t want to be the old guy in the club. You know what I’m talking about. Any club you go into, there’s always one old guy. He ain’t really old, just a little too old to be in the club. You do not want to be that brother. So you’ve got to settle down. So I get to a point in life where you’ve got to figure out what is important to you. On the one hand you’ve got commitment. You and your woman together. Living, sharing, loving, growing. It is the most beautiful thing in the world. And you know that. But before you can settle down, you’ve got to get over this other shit … That’s right, ’cause every man’s got a choice to make. Every single man in here has got a choice to make. And you know what that choice is. Commitment … … Or new pussy! That is the question! Commitment … or new pussy! You know, commitment may give you a headache every now and then … … new pussy always clears your mind! But you’ve got to think about life in the long term. Now, people tell you life is short. No, it is not. Life is long. Especially if you make the wrong decisions! And in the long term … … If I’m sick, is new pussy going to take care of me? No! If I’m hungry, is new pussy going to feed me? New pussy can’t cook! If I’ve got a baby, is new pussy going to teach him how to read? New pussy is illiterate! So I’ve got to come back to commitment. And turn this old pussy into new pussy! That’s right, I’ve got to recycle the pussy! I’ve got to recycle the pussy! Because that’s what a relationship is all about: recycling, keeping it new. If it ain’t new, it’s through! But fellas, if you decide to commit, you’ve got to commit. You’ve got to commit. Can’t cheat. Wanna cheat? Can’t cheat! Dying to cheat? Can’t cheat! ??? Can’t wait to cheat? Can’t cheat! Shit, some guys have got to go to rehab not to cheat! It is hard not to cheat. Women don’t want to hear that shit, it’s hard not to cheat! Do you know why it is hard not to cheat? ‘Cause women like men that are in relationship. Guys know what I’m talking about. When you were single, nobody was thinking about your ugly ass. But then your woman got a hold of you, she cut your hair, washed you down, gave you a Life Saver, wiped out the crusts around your eyes … … Now everybody wants to fuck you! When you were single, nobody was calling your ass up! Now your phone’s ringing off the hook. Crazy, freaky sex calls, like: “Hey, what are you doing? You know, me and my girlfriend are having a dick-sucking contest” “And we thought you’d be a good judge.” You never got that call when you were single. Now you get it every Tuesday! But you can’t cheat! Can’t cheat! And you know why? ‘Cause you’re gonna get caught! You’re gonna get… I don’t care who you are, you’re 007 you’re gonna get caught! You are gonna get caught. And you don’t want to get caught. Well, I’d rather get caught stealing some shit from the government than to get caught cheating on a woman. ‘Cause I got caught out there ????. Five years ago. I remember like it was yesterday. The woman found two condoms in my pocket … … but it was a pack of three! And all I heard was: “Where’s the other condom? “Where’s the other condom? Where the fuck is the other condom? Where is the condom?” Yo, women are just like the police. They can have all the evidence in the world, but they want the confession! “I know you did it, just admit it. “I know you did it, just admit it. “I know you did it, I’ve got it all filmed! “I know you did it, just admit it. “I found a blond hair. You was fucking a cracker-ass cracker ???, was you? “I know you did it, just admit it. “Can you be a man? Can you be a fucking man? “??? I wasn’t good? Did she toss your salad? “I know you did, just admit it.” And if that don’t work, the woman will get psychological on your ass ???. They’ll try to trick you into confessing. Then they start going, “It’ll be all right if you just say you did it. “It’ll be all right if you just say you did it. “Honey, it’ll be all right if you just say you did it.” And you hear that shit 900 times, you start losing your mind. You start thinking: “I guess it’ll be all right … “… If I just say I did it! “Honey, I did it, it’s all right?” “No, it ain’t ??? ! I can’t believe you did that!” “But I thought you said you knew it.” “I didn’t know till you told me!” And time goes by … and she forgives you! But she never forgets! And you’re driving to your grandmother’s house and say, “Oh, babe, I’ll make a right turn right here.” “Did you make a right with that bitch? “From now on, no matter where we are going, it’s all left turns, do you understand?” And you know what the craziest shit is? You cheated on your wife. She shouldn’t be trusting you no more. But she does. Eventually she does. But you know what happens now? Now you don’t trust her! You cheated on her, and now you don’t trust her. What kind of ignorant shit is that? You know what happened? You have just fucked around your woman. You know what happens when you fuck around your woman? You just gave her a get-some-dick free card! And you never know when she’s going to cash it in! You might get to the point she found that you were cheating, she wants to break up. If she wants to break up, run! You got off lucky! But you ain’t gonna get that lucky, no, no, no! As soon as you get to the door she’s like, “No, no! “Let’s work it out!” You know what “work it out” means? Payback! You know what the first part of payback is? You ain’t getting no pussy for a long time! Boy, you ain’t gonna get no pussy until the Bills win the Super Bowl! And she’s gonna make sure you are getting no new pussy either, because she’ll give you a beeper, a cellular phone, a car phone, ??? anklet like a prisoner … … And every time you leave the house you’ll have to check in: “I’m outside. I’m on the court. I’m in the car. I’m on the road. I’m at the supermarket. “I bought a packet of fries ???. I am coming home. I got some butter. I’m on my way. I run a red light. The cops are chasing me. “They’re chasing me. They are chasing me. I run out of the car. “They shot me in the leg. I’m hopping. I’m hopping. I’m almost home. I’m almost home. I’m in the driveway. “I’m right next to you. I LOVE YOU!” Thanks! Thank you! Thanks!"], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2018/02/17/chris-rock-bring-pain-transcript/"}
{"title": "MIKE BIRBIGLIA: MY GIRLFRIEND’S BOYFRIEND (2013) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "March 3rd, 2018", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["MIKE BIRBIGLIA", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Wow. Hey, thank you. Thanks. Thank you, guys. Hey, Seattle. Nice to see you. Look at this. Look at us. We’re here. This is crazy. It’s insane. So about five years ago, pretty much everyone who I know started to get married, and that was strange for me because I don’t really believe in the idea of marriage. And that would have been fine, except I have a problem where sometimes when I think that I am right about something, it can be a real source of tension between me and the person I’m arguing with. And the reason it’s a source of tension is that I’m right. And so I remember distinctly talking to my friend Dana, and she goes, “Well, you don’t believe in marriage for you, but, of course, you believe in it for other people.” And I was like, “No, I think it’s insane, you know, for anyone.” And she said, “Why?”", "\nAnd I said, “Well, first of all, it just seems doomed.” You know, 50% of marriages end in divorce. That’s just first marriages, by the way. Second marriages, 60% to 62% end in divorce. Third marriages, 70% to 75% end in divorce. That’s a learning curve.", "\nSecond of all, monogamy’s impossible, or at the very least, not a sure thing. When I say that, I think people assume that I’m implying that men are incapable of being faithful. I think women are just as incapable, but for more sophisticated reasons, you know. I mean, with men, we’re just really simple. We have a very simple sexuality. When I say that, my female friends are like, “Well, we like sex just as much as you do.” And I said, “Sure, but it’s different.” And they say, “How?” And I say, “Have you ever masturbated while driving a car?”", "\nNumber three… I’m never gonna be happy. Why would anyone want to be a part of that? I think that’s not brought up often enough. I, um, I didn’t know that would be the reaction. Oh, no, that’s the hopeful part.", "The, uh… I had one ally in all this, which is my friend Andy, and he’s a comedian as well. Not only did we decide we weren’t gonna get married, we actually tried to stop other people we knew from getting married. Yeah, we were pretty good at it. Like, we stopped or put on hold three or four marriages, you know. We were… we were pretty good. I mean, we weren’t like the best in the world. I’m sure there are better in Europe. But we were… we were solid, you know. Like, so, like, for example, at point my friend Alex was about to get engaged. And so we just took him to dinner. And during dessert, we gave him a long, hard stare. We said, “Are you sure this is what you want to do?” And then we went cold to give him the sense of what it would feel like when we weren’t friends anymore.", "So February 27, 2007, I’m at Andy’s house in Los Angeles. And earlier in the night, I got in an argument with my girlfriend on the phone, and it was a bad one because I knew that I was right. And Andy was a perfect person to be with in this kind of a situation ’cause he’s the kind of friend who just takes your side regardless of whether you’re right. He says stuff like, “She sounds crazy.” Like, even if what she’s saying isn’t that crazy, like, you’d be like, “She only eats whole wheat bagels.” He’d be like, “She sounds crazy!” You’d be like, “That’s not even the crazy part!” You know. So I’m telling him about his argument. And he goes, “You’re right.” I go, “I know. I’m right.” He goes, “Yeah, you’re right.” I go, “I know I’m right. I got to tell her about this in the morning.” And I get in my rental car to head back to my hotel, and I’m driving out of Andy’s small road, and I’m t-boned! I don’t know if you’re familiar with this term, uh… This is the culinary way of describing when you are hit by another car driver’s side at a 90-degree angle, like a t-bone steak. And in 1 1/2 seconds, I’m spun around, and I think I’m dead. No, wait, I’m paralyzed. And then I hear nothing. And then I hear the other car skid out and drive away. I know.", "Let me tell you how this argument started. I met Jenny in St. Louis. My friend Andy and I were working for her company. They were performing for a bunch of wrestling coaches, which is really my demographic. I, uh… No, I was very nervous about this. I was actually kind of about to go onstage, and I was, like, scrawling notes on my napkin. A lot of times I’ll write kind of manic notes on napkins or hotel stationary. And Jenny looked at me, and she goes, “What are you doing?” And I said, “I’m writing my set list.” And then she goes, “I think it’ll be fine.” And I was like, “No, it won’t be fine.” And then she was like, “I think it will be okay.” And I said, “Why do you think that?” And she said, “Well, you look so nervous, I think they’ll feel sorry for you.” But Jenny has this really soft, sweet voice, like the kind of voice where you kind of get away with saying anything. At one point, she said, “It seems like you comedians are a lot funnier onstage.” Normally, I’d be offended by that, but in this instance, I was like, “You are right. That is a great point. You are beautiful, you know.” She re… she really was. You know, from the moment I met Jenny, I knew I wanted to sleep with her at least once. Stay with me. Uh, I mean… I mean that in, like, in the most meaningful way. Like, that was the most that I was capable of in my life at that point. I… I’d jus… I’d just come off a really long, difficult breakup with my college sweetheart where we were gonna get married, and… and then we weren’t. And then when we weren’t, I was so heartbroken, I just kind of swore off the idea of marriage or even living with someone entirely, you know, and… But from the moment I met Jenny, I just wanted to be with her. And I didn’t… I didn’t think it was gonna happen.", "Like, I don’t have that kind of confidence. I actually think of myself as a sex maybe, which is to say that if I’m seeing a girl, she’d think, “I’d have sex with him, maybe.” You know, and I’m… I’m not ashamed of that. There were periods in my life where I was a sex never. Or a sex with self always. Yeah. And often. Surprisingly often. Yeah, I just don’t give off a great first impression. Like, I’ll give you an example. Like, this is the shirt I decided to wear tonight. Like, I didn’t… I didn’t spill mustard on the real shirt and this is the backup shirt. I mean, this is my “A” outfit. My “B” outfit was naked. I like to dress down to perpetuate the myth that I might be a fixer-upper. I’ve reached this point in my life I don’t really look in the mirror before I leave my apartment. I glance at it to make sure I’m not bleeding. You know what I mean? Like… But I don’t stare at the mirror. If I stare at the mirror, I get angry. Like, I feel like I’m complaining about a bad call a ref just made. I’m like, “Come on!” “You’re blind if you’re leaving the house like that!” And the ref is God, and the competing teams are my gut and my receding hairline. And it’s a close game ’cause my gut is large and my hairline is fast, and I’m all riled up. I’m about to charge the field. And the guy comes by with fried dough. And I’m like, “Next time.” You know, that’s how I go for fried dough, ’cause I have a problem. I just…", "This is ridiculous. Can you follow me over here for a second? I’m gonna jump off stage. This is only in Seattle where someone is wearing no shoes? No shoes or socks? What? Who are you people? What is wrong with you? I would expect that behavior from this guy, but not you, sir, not you! What is this? Where do you think you are? From Seattle! Yeah, Seattle. So I’ve been going, uh, recently to a women’s exercise class. I-I’ve given up on having a traditional male physique. And so now I’m going for strong, independent woman. And, uh… It’s going pretty well, you know. I’m not as good in the class as you might think. Sometimes I’ll kind of skip whole sections of the more difficult exercises when the instructor isn’t looking. But then when she looks over, I always have to strike a pose as though I’ve been doing what everybody else has been doing. It reminds me of the Olympics. You know how they do gymnastics, how they’ll have those… The girls will do those crazy flips and twirls. And every once in a while… And I’m not saying I root for this to happen, but sometimes they’ll fall, and it’s ugly ’cause they’re rolling around like, “I’m in a lot of trouble. Like, I don’t even know how I got here.” But at the end of that, no matter what… And I totally fall for it. I’m like, “that can’t possibly be the same loser “From moments ago. “I mean, that’s a completely different person. “This person has much better posture, for starters.”", "I really wanted Jenny to come out with me and Andy that night in St. Louis ’cause we were going out to one of these famous Irish pubs where no one can hear anyone speak. And so I thought that might work to my advantage. I don’t know, and, uh… I didn’t have the nerve to ask her myself, and so I convinced Andy to ask her for us. And, uh… Pfft. Which… yeah, I don’t know if that was the best idea ’cause, uh, we’re heading… We’re in the car heading to the pub, and Jenny says, “Oh, I left my I.D. at the hotel.” And I was like, “Oh, we can just swing back and get it.” And she’s like… she’s like, “No, it’ll be fine.” I was like, “No, it won’t be fine ’cause it’s St. Patrick’s day, and there’s bouncers.” And she goes, “No, it’ll be okay.” And I was like, “No, it won’t be okay.” And then we get to the pub, and it was fine. Like, the bouncer just kind of waved her through, which has not been my experience with bouncers. For me, bouncers are like prison guards. And for Jenny, they’re like birthday clowns like, you know, “What can I do to make your day better?”", "\nYou know, and that’s… We’re at the pub, and it had taken so much convincing for Andy to get Jenny to come out there. By the time she came out, she thought she was on a date with him. And, yeah, that wasn’t the idea. And so I said… I had to convince him to fall away as the night went on, like the red rockets on the space shuttle. And eventually, she realized she was on a date with me, and she was not happy about that. But, uh… But she warmed to me as the night went on ’cause she was drinking, and then, like… No, by the end of the night, we were laughing and having a good time, and we… I caught a break, which is we shared a ride back to our hotel with one of their friends, and she and I were stuffed in this little back seat together. And it was really quiet, so I could hear her soft voice. And she told me she had just come off a long, difficult breakup, and I told her about my breakup. And for a moment there in the back seat, it felt like we were holding up two halves of a broken paper heart, and… We get back to the hotel, and I offer to walk her to her room, and she says, “Sure.” We get to her door, and I didn’t want this night to end. And so I build up the courage to lean in to kiss her, and she says, “Oh, no, thank you.” Which I thought was polite… But disappointing. I mean, there’s something about a rejected kiss that is the most personal type of rejection because you’re really putting yourself out there. You’re just like, “I think we should connect mouths,” you know, and… The other person’s like, “I do not think we should connect mouths.” And those are… They’re two very different mouth agendas, you know. And then you just feel so stupid. You’re like, “I never should have suggested we connect mouths, you know.”", "This is a sore subject for me. I have sort of a long history of ", "failed kisses", ". Like, I… I remember growing up, like, when people started making out. Like, in my time in Massachusetts, it was in seventh grade. I remember… I remember it like it was yesterday ’cause I was shocked. I was like, “People we know are just making out with other people we know?” “But how?” You know. It seemed like an alien ritual where these two aliens just attach orifices all of a sudden. I was like, “I am not doing that.” And collectively, all the girls in my class were like, “That is fine. “You are not on the list. “You’re not exactly a first-round draft pick for our new activity.” I was like, “Perfect.” It seemed so gross to me. And it still does kind of. Like, sometimes you hear these homophobic arguments from these guys who are like, “I don’t like when I see two dudes making out in the street.” And I feel that way about anyone. Like, making out is just sloppy. It’s like watching a dog eat spaghetti. That’s how I make out. Is that right? Does anybody know if that’s right? Okay, good.", "So… In seventh grade, I was like, “I’m not gonna make out with anybody.” And that was fine for a while, but increasingly, it kind of divided the class into two distinct parts. It was like, the make-out club and the non-make-out club. And these were informal organizations, of course. I mean, I would be sad if that were school-sanctioned, like, “we call this meeting of the non-make-out club to order. “First order of business, Nintendo. “Second order of business, why doesn’t anyone like us? Meeting adjourned.” I don’t know, it was a sad group, and we were losing good guys by the day. I feared… I feared that soon I would be the lone member of the non-make-out club, so I was like, “I got to try to get into the make-out club.” But it was a very intangible goal. I didn’t really talk to a lot of girls, and… There was one girl who sat in front of me in class named ", "Lisa Bazetti", " who I had a huge crush on, but she was way out of my league. Like, she had many suitors. She had… I don’t… The rest of the show is in old English. Uh… She doth had many suitors! Uh, no, she had many, you know, admirers. And there were three of us, really, and I was in third place in all the trade publications, but I had one advantage over these other guys, which is she had to talk to me on the phone every night about homework, thanks to alphabetical order. Bazetti, Birbiglia. One time I said something on the phone that made her laugh, and I was like, “Oh, this is great. I got to do that more.” And one time we were on the phone, and she was laughing so hard, I remember so well ’cause she goes, “Mike, you got to stop. I’m gonna pee myself.” And I was like, “Wow.” This was the closest I’d ever come to a vagina. So spent the next 15 years trying to get Lisa Bazetti to pee. And that’s how I ended up here. Yeah. That’s how we all ended up here, in a sense.", "So… uh… So here’s what happened with Lisa. One time I built up the courage to ask her to go to the carnival with me, and she said yes. I couldn’t believe it. Like, all of a sudden I thought, “Well, maybe this will be like “one of those romantic comedy montages. “We’ll go to the carnival, we’ll get stuck “On the top of the Ferris wheel, we’ll make out. “It’ll all take a minute and a half, and it will be set to Phil Collins song.” But I think that when you’re 12 years old, you just don’t understand certain things about your digestive system. You don’t know that you shouldn’t eat popcorn and peanuts and ice cream and cotton candy and then step onto ", "a machine called the scrambler", ". Cotton candy being the most insane of these items. It’s basically saying, “We’re gonna take sugar, “which everyone knows is bad, but then we’ll dress it up like insulation.” And I’m like, “I’m not sure “what the selling point is there. Is it the sugar or the insulation?” They’re like, “We already sold it.” I’m like, “well done, way to move the product before the information campaign disseminates.” I don’t know if you have the scrambler here in Seattle. I imagine you might. It travels on a truck. It is a very mobile scrambling unit. The premise is very simple. You just sit on a two-person pod with the person you are in love with, and that pod goes in a circle, which is part of a larger circle, which is part of an even grander circle. As I understand it, it was originally designed as a medical device for constipated patients. It was called the “shits of pants-erator,” and it was wildly successful. And then it was co-opted by the carnival workers of America. Cwoa. And they said… They said, “We like it, but we do feel like the name is a little bit of a turnoff.” And then one guy says, “Well, what about the ‘I think I’m gonna die-erator’?” And they’re like, “That’s good, “’cause it gets across the essence of how you feel “when you’re on the machine. “Plus it has the added wordplay with diarrhea, “which is a nice homage “to the original intention of the machine, “but we still feel like the name might be a little bit of a turnoff.” And then one guy goes, “well, what about the scrambler? ‘Cause it scrambles you!” They’re like, “We get it, Frank, but who…” Frank is a maniac. This guy can’t be stopped, but every once in a while, he’s got a good idea. “But who will be in charge of this dangerous piece of equipment?” And this one guy goes, “well, I have a nephew who’s 16 years old “and smokes pot 24 hours a day. I feel like he might be available.” And they’re like, “he sounds amazing. “We don’t even need to interview him. He sounds completely qualified.”", "\nI sit down with Lisa on the scrambler, and I’m feeling good. Like, she’s snuggling up close to me, and I’m thinking… I’m thinking like, “this could be it. “This could be where it’s all gonna happen. This is very special.” And then they put that bar seat belt down. And the bar seat belt is not a reassuring piece of safety equipment. It’s not a Ralph Nader approved item. I don’t think it’s saved lives. I think the only thing it’s ever done is in a scrambler accident, it’s just sort of held someone’s esophagus down to the pavement, making sure that they are dead and that they cannot talk about the scrambler accident. First rule of scrambler accident, don’t talk about scrambler accident. That’s from scrambler club. Well, I knew from the moment they put the bar seat belt down that I was going to throw up for sure. And I even said to the 16-year-old stoner, I was like, “hey, actually…” And then he was gone. Apparently, he doesn’t enjoy the second halves of sentences.", "\nSo then I’m scrambling, and… As I am scrambling, I’m thinking, “I need to come up with a plan of some kind. I’m not going down without a fight.” My first plan was very simple. It was just don’t look at Lisa, don’t look at any other people. I was like, “don’t look at Lisa, “don’t look at any other people. “Don’t look at Lisa, “don’t look at any other people. I need a new plan.” And… The new plan was I needed to tell the scrambler operator… That he needed to stop the ride, but… The mathematics of the scrambler are such that the window of opportunity in which one can communicate with the scrambler operator is a very limited window. So I’m like, “I got to tell him he’s got to stop the ride. “I got to tell him he’s got to stop the ride. “I got to tell him he’s got to stop the ride. Please stop the ride!” And I’m back! “I’m not sure he heard me. “I got to say it louder. Please stop the ride! “I’m not sure he’s paying attention. I think he might be smoking pot right now.” The third time I said, “please stop.” And then I started throwing up, and it was not unlike an oscillating lawn sprinkler, just… Popcorn, peanuts… Insulation. Really, insulating the pavement with my homemade carnival salsa. I did not look at Lisa. But I’m pretty sure she was staring at me because I was a spectacle at that point. I was spectacular. And we did not make out. I did not lose my mouth virginity that evening.", "Two years later, it gets worse. Um… I’m at the St. John’s high school, what they call a ", "cattle call dance", ". This is an all boys catholic school I attended where they would invite the girls from all over the state to our sweaty St. John’s gymnasium like cattle, which is a friendly way to describe women, you know. So… Cattle shows up at 8:00. We’ll make out with the cattle. Cattle goes home at 10:00. Then we go out for burgers. Completely separate from the cattle analogy. It was a horrible affair. It was just like this room chock-full of sweat and hormones and drakkar noir and led zeppelin and making out. At this point, I was, indeed, the lone member of the non-make-out club, but it was actually worse than that ’cause I had to lie to my friends and tell them I had had my first kiss ’cause it was, like, this really tough, all boys school. And so when they would ask, like, “oh, have you had your first kiss?” I’d be like, “yeah, like, all the time. Like, every… every week.” I always feared at some point there’d be a follow-up question like, “oh, yeah? What’s it like?” And I’d be like, “yeah, you know, it’s just like licking an ice cream cone.” And they’d be like, “no, it’s not. It’s like sucking on a rocket pop.” And I’d be like, “ah, wrong frozen dessert analogy.” I’m at the dance, and I’m flanked by my friend Sam Ricciardi. And we’re introduced by our friend Tom to these girls from his town. They were the last two cows at the dance. They were like, “moo!” And we were like, “moo!” And then Sam says one of these phrases I think we’ve all heard but is very uncomfortable to repeat. He says, “you get that one.” Which I know it’s the worst turn of phrase, but I’m comfortable saying it ’cause I know I’ve been on the negative end of that conversation where a girl says of me, “you get that one.” And then her friend goes like, “oof.” You know, or even worse… or even worse, like, “you owe me,” which really hurts thinking of someone incurring debt based on my appearance. I would hate to hurt someone’s credit score, you know. So he goes… he goes, “you get that one.” And then I’m just fast dancing with this girl, ", "Sandra", ", to young mc’s bust a move. And I’m not great at fast dancing, but they had the strobe light going, so it’s only catching me one out of every five… Hey! So she’s losing interest, but at 1/5 the speed. And then I’m saved by a slow song, ", "Stairway to Heaven", ", which is a classic make-out anthem. Led Zeppelin, eight minutes long. What’s great about slow dancing is you can’t really mess it up ’cause it’s just sort of a slow-motion hug. Like, the only way you could mess it up is if you just started fast dancing in the middle of it. She’d be like, “what are you doing?” And I’d be like, “I don’t pick up on social cues,” you know. But it’s such a long song, you know, ", "Stairway", ", so I’m just trying not to fidget. I’m sort of a fidgety person. I feared if I fidgeted too much, I might initiate the head tilt too early. I didn’t know anything about making out, but I’d seen people do it. I could see there’s, like, a head tilt. I had heard there were tongues involved. And I could see that there was, like, some kind of space in between the two mouths. To me that was the most mysterious part of the whole thing. What is happening in that space? There is no… You know, there’s no video documentation of that area. It’s like the giant squid of making out. No one has seen it alive. They’ve only seen it washed up on the shore… Which is more specific to the squid side of that analogy, but… So I’m trying not to fidget. Then with 1 1/2 minutes left in stairway to heaven, the song hits that crescendo… All around me, kids start to make the tilt. Just a harvest of teenagers making out all around me. And I was like, “oh, no. I don’t want to be alone anymore.” And I make the slightest tilt. And then Sandra comes in strong, and then it’s an all-out mouth war. And she had artillery ’cause she had braces. It was like a dog eating spaghetti and the fork. As this oral atrocity is taking place, all I can think is, “I’m not alone anymore! I’m not in the non-make-out club!” And all I wanted to do was tell my friends, but I couldn’t because up until that point, I’d lied and said that I’d had my first kiss. I walked off the dance floor, Sam was like, “how’d it go, dude?” I had to be like, “same as always. Pretty smooth.”", "As the week wore on, I started to convince myself, “well, maybe it did go well, “and I should call Sandra, and this could bud into a relationship of some kind,” but… I got her number from Tom, and those conversations ended up being very brief, you know. We didn’t have a lot to talk about. I remember just being like, “hey, you like full house? “Me neither. Cool. All right. Later.” You know what I mean? At certain points, I remember getting this vibe from her, kind of like, “why are you calling me?” And I remember thinking, “oh, I’m probably reading into that one too much,” and… And then she stopped calling me back. And I was like, “oh, yeah, I read into that one perfectly.” But I just felt so dumb about the whole thing, and the worst part is I couldn’t even tell my friends, until one day I was… I was standing by my locker with my friend Tom, and so I said to him, I was like, “hey, what’s going on with Sandra? Like, she hasn’t called me back.” And Tom has this knowing grin on his face. I was like, “what?” Tom was like, “nothing.” And I was like, “what?” Tom was like, “nothing.” And I was like, “what?” Tom’s like, “oh.” “I talked to Sandra, and she said “you’re the worst kisser she’s ever kissed.” And it was so devastating ’cause not only was it probably true, but I couldn’t explain to my friends why it was true. I couldn’t say, “that makes sense. I’ve never done that before.” So instead I had to play it off. I had to be like, “yeah, that sounds about right. “I’m a terrible kisser. That’s kind of my thing.”", "So I lean in to kiss Jenny, and she says, “oh, no, thank you.” She agrees to go out with me in New York. We were both living in New York, and she gave me her number, and I typed it in my phone, and from that point on, she would be ", "“Jen, Irish pub, nice.”", " A few weeks later, I took her out to a restaurant I couldn’t afford to show her how much money I could put on my credit card. We’re out to dinner, and she says to me, she goes, “everyone hates me at work,” and I said, “why would they hate you? I love you.” She goes, “you love me?” I go, “I mean, you seem cool.” I pulled it back. I didn’t want to show all my cards. Just about nine of them. One of the other things that she said of note on this date is she said, “you know, sometimes I’ll date two people at once, and that way I’m never let down by either person.” I said, “that seems like a really smart plan. Like, I’d like to do that as well.” And she said, “I’m still kind of seeing my ex-boyfriend, John, and you can see other people too, but you have to tell me if you’re seeing them.” And I was like, “all right, sounds like a plan. “Got it. Break! I got to go find some more people, you know.” And so a few nights later, I’m in another city, and I do a show, and after the show, I went out to a bar, and I ended up making out with this random girl. Then a few nights later, I’m out to dinner with Jenny, and she says, “how was your trip?” And I said, “it was great. I did some shows, “and then one night I ended up making out with this random girl.” And that didn’t go over very well in the conversation. I could sense that something was wrong. And I was like, “but I’m right about that, right? Like, I’m supposed to tell you if that happens, right?” And she says, “yeah, but it doesn’t mean “that I won’t lose interest in you.” And I said, “that’s a whole new clause! “That’s a twist! What is this, the romantic comedy version of the usual suspects?” I said, “are you still seeing John?” And she said, “sometimes.” I said, “well, don’t you see the contradiction in that?” And she says, “yes.” And it gets very quiet… Because we were falling in love.", "Three weeks into my relationship with Jenny, I built up the courage to ask her to go on a ", "trip to Bermuda", ". I wanted to show her how much more money I could put on my credit card. Since I didn’t have a lot left, we went to Bermuda ’cause it was the off season. You can get these great deals online. Because as it turns out, when it’s winter in New York, it is also winter… In Bermuda, and, uh… Jenny and I meet up at the airport, and she’s late, which is a big pet peeve of mine. I fancy myself as a professional traveler. I’m always two hours early, I have my pocket for my ticket and my passport, and I have laceless moccasins. I never tell jokes about bombs. And… and Jenny’s late. And then we get to security, and I’m not making this up, she doesn’t have a license or a passport. And I said, “what do you mean?” I go, “how do you travel?” And she goes, “well, “usually, they let me on the plane with my credit card and my work I.D.” I don’t like to dwell on the differences between men and women, but I just can’t imagine a scenario where a man would go to the airport with no license and no passport, and they would let him on the plane. But women get a pass on things like this that I find completely bewildering. I mean, if I were in charge of Al-Qaeda, for example, what… what I would do is I would recruit attractive women because they’re just not stopped under any circumstances. Although it would be difficult to recruit them because all they have to offer are the 72 virgins and, you know, the women wouldn’t want that, unless they’re lesbians, although there’s an idea, you know. Al-Qaeda… Al-Qaeda could recruit hot lesbians, although… then they’d have to guarantee that the 72 virgins are also lesbians. I mean, what are the odds, you know? All 72 virgins are also lesbians, unless you think of sexuality as, like, a blank slate concept where the first person you have sex with dictates your sexual identity. Like the 72 virgins are like, “I didn’t even know I was a lesbian “until I had sex with that hot lesbian terrorist. “And now that’s all I’m into. “I used to be into these Afghani guys who are so crazy, “they’d die in a fiery plane crash to have sex with me “and 71 of my friends. But now I don’t see Khalid in the same way anymore.”", "The point is, we went to Bermuda, and we’re on the flight… On the flight, and the flight attendant comes over, and she puts champagne glasses down in front of us. And she says, “congratulations on your honeymoon.” And we said, “oh, no, thanks. We’re not on our honeymoon.” And she walks away, and Jenny says, “that’s so funny. I don’t think I’ll ever go on a honeymoon.” And I said, “oh, really?” And she goes, “yeah. I don’t think I’d ever want to get married in my life.” And I said, “oh, really?” I go, “me too.” I said, “is that based on a principle, “or did you have a bad relationship? Like, what was your first boyfriend like?” And… She told me about her first boyfriend Brian. It was… they were at the same bus stop when they were 16, and they would make out on the bus, and they were together for six years. And they… you know, their relationship got deeper, and they would talk about how they were gonna get married and spend the rest of their lives together. And I said, “then what?” And she said, “he died. He had leukemia.” And I said, “well, do you ever talk about this with anyone?” And she says, “no, I don’t really like to talk about it.” But these were the kinds of conversations we started having on this trip where Jenny was opening up to me, and I was opening up to her. And every night we’d be up till 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning, and we were so happy, we… At one point, I was like, “well, we should do this again. “We should go on another trip. And you could get a license or a passport.” Jenny said, “that sounds great, “but I don’t think I’d get a license or a passport ’cause they don’t make me get one.” And I was like, “yeah, but it’s the law.” You know. Jenny says, “yeah, I don’t think I’ll get one “’cause they don’t make me get one, you know. That’s how I feel.” That’s how Jenny argues things. Sometimes she’ll just say, “that’s how I feel.” And I’ll say, “that’s not an argument.” “Like, we’re not even in an argument right now because you don’t have an argument.” And she’ll say, “I just won that argument.” And I’ll say, “that’s not even possible based on the definition of what an argument is.” And she’ll say, “I just won that argument,” again. “That’s how I feel.”", "You could see how this could be a little bit maddening, you know, uh… On our final day on the trip, we got into an argument about essentially nothing. She noticed there was a basketball court at our hotel, and she said, “we should play.” And I was like, “yeah, but not, like, a game.” And she said, “why?” And I said, “well, ’cause I’d win.” And she said, “no, I think I would win.” I go, “no. I know that I’d win, “and I know that what I’m supposed to say is that… “The guy says, ‘I’ll win,’ the girl says, ‘I’ll win,’ “and the guy lets her win, and then she likes him more. But I just don’t have that in me.” And Jenny goes, “you don’t have to let me win. Let’s go out and play.” And so we went out and played basketball, and I just kicked her ass. I mean, it was just like… It was just like… 10 to 1, you know, 11 to 1. I mean, I was having a good day, but still, I was just destroying her. And at one point, she literally said, “I’ve never met someone who’s so obsessed with the score.” And I said, “the score is what makes it a game!”", "So we’re arguing this over lunch, and then, again, it comes up at dinner, and then we’re still arguing about it at 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning about essentially nothing. And she said, “I don’t understand why you’re so obsessed with being right.” I go, “I’m not obsessed with it. I just am.” I said, “why do you think you’re right?” And she says, “that’s how I feel.” I said, “if you think I’m so wrong about everything, why are you even with me?” And Jenny says, ", "“you can’t choose who you love.”", " Which is true, but it doesn’t mean it’s good. I remember the first time I fell in love, I was in high school, and it was that first time where you fall in love, and you’re just like, “this is it. I found her. I’m 17 years old, and I’m done, you know.” And… Her name was ", "Amanda", ", and she was, like, adorable and funny. And what was really exciting for me was that she was, like, a delinquent. Like, I was like this play-by-the-rules school citizen, and she had been expelled from her previous school for dealing acid, which I thought was a really strong quality. Like, at one point, she was like, “it was totally messed up because it wasn’t even me. It was this other girl, and I was framed.” And I was just like, “awesome.” Like no one would ever frame me for anything. I just… I thought it was like an opposites attract situation. She wanted to know what it was like to hang out with someone in student government who writes for the newspaper. And I wanted to know what it was like to be cool. At one point, I was like, “do you want to write an article for the newspaper?” She goes, “I don’t want to write an article. I want to do things people write articles about.” And I was like, “good answer.”", "\nI find that when you fall in love, you tend to overlook certain red flags. One of them was that she would say really mean stuff to me, but then she would pull it back. She’d be like, “no one likes you at all. Only kidding.” Or, like, “you’re like a nerd, but you’re not even smart. Just joking.” Can’t choose who you love.", "\nSecond red flag with Amanda was that she was a liar. And I don’t… I don’t mean that in an offensive way. Like, lying was kind of like a… It’s like a sport at the school I was at. I transferred from the all boys school to this co-ed school. There was this one guy in my class named Keith Robbins who was a legendary liar. You’d know when he was lying ’cause he would lick his finger like a bookie, and he would dart his eyes from side to side. And he’d go, “yeah, yeah, nice. Nice, you know.” And he wasn’t even handling money. Like, I don’t even know what this is about. And then he would lie about things that were sort of insignificant. He’d be like, “yeah, my uncle’s Tony Robbins, “motivational speaker. Yeah, nice, you know.” And… We found out that that wasn’t even true. But even if that were true, that wouldn’t be impressive to a bunch of high school students. But I think that’s the jedi level of lying, is you lie about little stuff, and no one notices when you’re lying about big stuff. It’s like banking.", "\nThe final red flag with Amanda was that she told me not to tell anyone that she was my girlfriend. I know. I’m in the future also. I think we can all see now ’cause we’re so smart, and Mike’s so dumb, and, uh… You know, I can also see, in retrospect, that’s a much bigger red flag than I perceived it to be at the time, but I was so excited she was even with me at all. And she said she had another boyfriend at home, but they were in the process of breaking up, but it was a bad time ’cause his parents were sick. And so I tried to be understanding of that. You know, I went along with it for a few months until she invited me to meet her parents. And I thought, “well, this is the affirmation that I need. I’m gonna be crowned as the main boyfriend.” And I drive my mom’s station wagon to Amanda’s parents’ house, and I walk in the front door, and there’s Amanda, and there’s her parents, and it’s going well. And a few hours go by, and this other guy comes over to the house, and his name is Scott. I’m assuming he’s, like, a family friend or a relative. And slowly I’m noticing similarities between Scott and things that Amanda has said about her other boyfriend. They’re both in their first year in college, and they’re competitive wrestlers, and… It’s dawning on me that I’m hanging out with ", "my girlfriend’s boyfriend", ". And it’s going pretty well. I mean, he… He seemed like a nice guy. I could totally see what she saw in him. There was some consolation that when he would go in the other room to the kitchen or the bathroom, she would hold on to my hand, and she would say, “I wish it were just you and me here.” And I remember thinking, “you could make that happen.” The way she said it was as though she weren’t involved in the decision process, like, “I’d love to, but the boys in corporate…”", "\nWell, the day took an even stranger turn when Scott suggested that we go hang out at his house. And I met his parents. It is indescribable meeting your girlfriend’s boyfriend’s parents for the first time. Part of you is angry for obvious reasons, but then part of you still wants to make a good impression. You know, you’re like… “Maybe if this goes well, she’ll see that I’m good with adults in general!” As a side note, his parents seemed in perfect health. At one point, his dad even said to me, “how do you know Amanda?” And I said, “we’re just friends from school.” And I was so ashamed, and I felt so dumb. And I drove home, and I remember thinking, “I am never gonna let this happen to me again.”", "So… Ten months into my relationship with Jenny, she invites me to ", "meet her parents", ". And this was a tricky time. At this point, our relationship was intense, but casual, which is a dangerous relationship cocktail, and it was a hard thing to organize ’cause I was away probably five days out of the week. And so we found a Sunday where I was coming back from a five-day stint in Texas, which was awful ’cause it was… In Texas. And I… that’s… That’s not to say I dislike Texas entirely. It’s such a large thing to dislike. And, uh… But that week it felt like Texas just disliked me, and I just kind of disliked Texas back to the point where I developed a small drinking problem, which is… which is very popular in Texas. I was performing at a comedy club. Now, comedy… I love comedy clubs ’cause they’re sort of a high-low entertainment proposition. Like, in some ways, though, they’re the last bastions of free speech and the art of spoken word, and then some of them sell dildo straws, you know. Like, there’s 15 bachelorette parties coming through on the weekends, and they’re handing out gummy penises or whatever. That’s… that’s actually a thing. I didn’t even realize that… I didn’t realize that that was part of the female fantasy of the penis was… was the gummy quality of the penis. I feel like if I were in charge of the candification of the penis, it would be hard candy. And then if… And then, if you suck it down to the gummy part, then you just sort of put that off to the side. But I… but that’s… that’s not my job. I’m… you know, I leave that to the experts, but I just… I just do the comedy part. But I was performing at this club all week, and after the late show Saturday night, I was approached by this ", "bachelorette party", " that had one of these sort of novelty sexual checklist things. And… I’d been drinking all week, and, uh, I always try to be a team player, you know. So I was like, “whatever I can do to help. I don’t see how this could end badly.” And, uh… The next morning, I wake up in the my hotel room, and I’m hung over, and I’m groggy. And I roll out of bed, and I run to the airport to catch my flight. I’m still two hours early, and… I land in New York, and I get a cab to Jenny’s parents’ house. And I walk in the front door, and there’s Jenny, and there’s her parents. And there’s her other sort of ex-boyfriend, John. And he wasn’t front and center. Like, he was just kind of around, like, he was in the pool, like, wading and doing laps, like, that kind of thing. But I pulled Jenny aside, I was like, “well, what’s John doing here?” And she says, “well, he and I aren’t still together, “but when we were together, “he became friends with my stepdad, “and he’s been staying here at their house the last couple weeks.” And I said, “you know, that’s not good. I feel like that gives him the edge.” Jenny’s staring at me. And I said, “what?” She says, ", "“you have a hickey on your neck.”", " And I said, “I don’t think that’s true.” And then I glance at the mirror next to me and realize that, in fact, I do have a hickey on my neck. And I say, “I’m really sorry.” And she says, “where is that from?” And I said, “there was this bachelorette party, and I was drunk.” That sentence never comes out right. I mean, there’s no way to deliver that line in a way that makes you seem even okay, and… We start arguing, and the argument follows us all the way back to the street in front of my apartment. I didn’t have a leg to stand on. I was like, “well, what about John? What was he doing there?” She said, “you have a hickey on your neck.” I said, “yeah, but at least I told you the truth.” And she said, “eventually.” And I said, “eventually is better than never!” And then she kneed me in the balls. I don’t know if you’ve ever experienced this before. I’m sure half of you have not. Uh… It’s like being electrocuted, except you don’t get to die. It’s like you want to die, but you can’t. And there’s a person in your face saying, “you deserve this,” which they wouldn’t even do in electrocutions. I think they would deem that as inhumane.  Even in Texas.", "\nJenny says, “I think that we should just break up. “You know, it’s not just this. “I mean, you’re away a lot of the time. “And even when you’re here, you work at night, “and I work in the day. I just don’t think it’s gonna work out.” And I said, “okay.”  And we were apart for about six months, and I missed her so much, but I kept resisting calling her ’cause I wanted to give her space. And every once in a while I’d get a glimmer of hope in the form of a text message from “Jen, Irish pub, nice.” And it would just say, “hi.” And I’d write back, “hi.” It was the smallest form of communication two people could have with one another, but I think, in some ways, kept us together. And finally, on new year’s, I caved in, and I called her, I said, “hey, I really miss you, and I want to see you.” And we got together for coffee. And we hit it off just like we used to, and we decided we would get back together. We had a great period there, you know. I took her to get a license and a passport. First, we went for her social security card, and then we took that to the D.M.V. And then we mailed all of that to the government for a passport. It was like the triple crown of identifications. Jenny was wildly identifiable. One night, she was heading back from my apartment to hers, and she stops. And I said, “what?” And she says, “I think that we should live together.” And I said, “no, I really don’t think that’s a good idea. “You know, I’ve just decided, you know, as a principle, “I’m not gonna get married or live with someone. It’s not personal.” And she said, “well, unless we live together, “I just don’t think it’s gonna work out “’cause we just don’t see each other enough, “and I don’t think that we stand a chance. That’s how I feel.”", "So we moved in together. And one day, Jenny gets an invitation to the wedding of one of her friends, and she invites me to come along. And I said, “oh, no, thanks.” That doesn’t go over so well. She says, “why?” And I said, “well, as you know, “", "I don’t believe in marriage", ", and so I don’t buy into the flamboyant pageantry that goes into celebrating it.” She said, “well, what do you believe in?” And I said, “I don’t know.” She said, “well, if you don’t believe in anything, how can you not believe in marriage?” And I said, “well, first of all, “you know, it just doesn’t seem necessary. “I mean, is it… you know, “marriage is an archaic institution “invented in the middle ages based on exchanging property. “I don’t want to be a part of that. “Second of all, I don’t even think we have “a common cultural understanding of what marriage even is. “I mean, one of me and Andy’s friends “was about to get engaged, and we were skeptical, “and we said, ‘are you sure this is the person “you want to be with for the rest of your life?’ “and he goes, ‘yeah, I think so.’ “and we said, ‘well, what if she gets in a car accident, “and she’s disfigured? Would you stay with her then?’ “and he said, ‘maybe’! “That is not an acceptable answer! “Third of all, if I’m so in love, “why does it need to be written into a government contract? “And I’m not one of these like, “‘I don’t want government up in my business’ kind of people! “I think the government does a nice job “delivering the mail and suggesting I don’t eat poison, “but I just don’t understand why they need to be involved “in my personal relationships. “Then finally, if marriage is religious, “shouldn’t I believe in the religion? “I’ve been to more weddings of my friends “where the people on the altar don’t believe “in the religion of the church they’ve invited us to! “Some of them even go to classes with the priest “in advance, to more elaborately lie “about believing in a religion they don’t believe in “just to have a wedding in a fancy building! “That is insane! That’s how I feel!” So I explain this to Jenny. And Jenny says, “well, if you ever did want to get married, I would marry you.” And I said, “why? Aren’t you listening to any of this?” And Jenny says, “that’s how I feel.”", "At this point, it was 5:00 in the morning, we’d been arguing all night, and we hadn’t slept. I had to catch a flight at 6:20 A.M. Out of Newark airport to Los Angeles for a show I was doing that night. At this point, I’m overtired, and I’m angry, and I’m late. I’m stuffing my things in my roller suitcase. And I walk out of our apartment. It’s 5:00 A.M., that part of the morning before the earth even exists, before they program The Matrix or whatever. You walk out of your apartment, part of the road isn’t even there. There’s a guy with a laptop going, “we need a road, stat! What’s the code for building, tank?” You know, and I get to the airport. The news hasn’t even started yet. It’s just an anchor looking around like, “what are you up to?” And I get to the kiosk, and I print up my ticket, and I bring it to the security lady, and she looks at me, and she goes, “well, that ain’t your gate.” Like, I guess they changed the gate, but the way she said it was as though I had participated in the decision of changing it. I was like, “I was not involved in this process. I wasn’t even C.C.’d.” Like, as though I had gone to the kiosk and been like, “B22. Like hell I’m flying out of B22.” And then I photoshopped my own ticket, printed it out, and been like, “this is where I’m going.” You know, I’m not that aggressive as a traveler, so I was like, “well, where is this gate?” She goes, “it’s in another terminal. You got to take a tram.” She points to the tram, and I start walking my roller suitcase, and I hear her say, “and you better run.” Like, I guess I was late at that point. So I started running. And the roller suitcase does not enjoy running. The roller suitcase was like, “I don’t want to run. I have wheels.” And I was like, “I don’t want to run either, but this is what we have to do. “I tell you what, when we get to the hotel, I’ll walk you in circles for a few hours.” Then I… I get to the tram, and it has that feature where it says how many minutes before the next tram arrives. And it says zero minutes. I was like, “perfect. That’s exactly how long I want to wait.” But the tram’s riding away. I was like, “that’s -1 minute!” Then it says ten minutes, and I’m experiencing that psychological downward spiral like, “oh, great, I’m gonna miss my flight, “and then I’m gonna miss every flight from now on, “and I’m gonna miss my family reunion. “And then I’m not gonna have a family, and then I’m gonna be a crack whore.” And it’s like, all of a sudden, I’m a crack whore just because I miss this one flight. I can feel the cancer forming in my body in real time and…", "\nI get on the next tram ten minutes later, and I run to the gate, and I’m sweaty, and I’m out of breath, but I’m on time. And I’m so relieved that I sit down in a chair at the gate, and I fall asleep. And I wake up to the sound of the door shutting. I jump up, and the door is closed, and I am on the sad side of the door. The happy side has an airplane and a pilot. The sad side is me and the Cinnabon lady. Normally, I’d be very excited if it were just me and the Cinnabon lady. I’m a big fan of pastries the size of a baby that have enough calories for a year. I think that’s an effective use of time. But in this instance, I needed someone who could communicate with the people on the plane. And the Cinnabon lady is not very well connected in the airline community. I was like, “do you know these people?” She was like, “all I know is the white stuff goes on the cinnamon bun.” I ran up to the giant glass window. I started pounding on the window like in a romantic comedy. I was like, “Drew Barrymore’s character, come back!” She didn’t come back, and I missed my flight. I got on the next one they could get me on. There was a stopover in Texas. You know how I feel about Texas. And, uh, I get to Los Angeles late that night, and I’d missed my show. I’d never missed one of my shows before, and I’m so angry. And Jenny’s calling me, but I’m not picking up the phone ’cause I’m blaming this entire day on her.", "I get back to my friend Andy’s house, and I said, “Andy, this relationship is messing up my entire life!” And Andy goes, “you’re right.” I go, “I know! I’m right!” He goes, “yeah, you’re right.” I go, “I know, I’m right! I got to tell her about this in the morning!” I drive out of Andy’s small road, and I’m ", "t-boned", ". That’s the culinary way of describing it. In 1 1/2 seconds, I’m spun around, and I think I’m dead. No, wait, I’m paralyzed. And then I hear nothing. Then I hear the other car skid out and drive away. 20 minutes later I’m sitting on a curb. At this point, the police have arri… have arrived, as well as my friend, Andy, and that’s when I start crying. You know how when you drop a baby on the ground, it doesn’t… Doesn’t start crying right away because it doesn’t understand the concept of dropping a baby on the ground until it sees your face? And then it’s like, “oh, I guess I should be doing something “that matches that. Waah!” I’m crying because I’m looking at my totaled car in front of me and realizing that, in that moment, I might have ceased to exist. Like I said earlier, I don’t really believe in anything, so in my mind, that would have been the end of all things I’d experienced in my life. Every kiss or failed kiss or scrambler ride would come to a conclusion, and… The officer comes over, and he says, “what happened?” And I said, “I got hit by this car, “and then I heard nothing, and then I heard the other car skid out and drive away.” The officer points over to the light. The other car has made a right turn at the light and veered into this very skinny tree. I can’t help but think, “that’s karma. That’s a hit and run and hit.” And then the officer puts this form in my face, and he goes, “sign this.” And I said, “well, what does it mean?” And he goes, “it means you’re okay and that we can leave.” I was really shaken up. I was like, “I don’t know if I’m okay.” And he goes, “just sign it,” which is a very unattractive quality. When someone just repeats a command that you’ve just said no to, and it’s unattractive, but very effective, you know. I signed it. Andy takes me to the hospital just as a precaution, but we have to wait two hours ’cause the other driver had beat us there, and… Eventually, we’re with the doctor, and Andy says to him, he goes, “well, was the other guy drunk?” And the doctor says, “well, I can’t answer that.” And Andy says, “was he?” He uses the technique we had learned earlier, and it works, you know. The doctor says, “well, he’s heading to jail now.” And Andy and I flash each other a look like the hardy boys, like, “case closed.” A few hours later, we’re back at Andy’s house, it’s probably around 3:30 in the morning, and I have one of these epiphanies people sometimes have when they have near-death experiences. I say, “I need to call Jenny and tell her that we need to get married.” And Andy says, “Mike… Sleep on it.” And I said, “no, no, no, this makes perfect sense.” And I pick up my phone, and I dial her number. And he puts his hand over the phone, and he says, “Mike… Sleep on it.” He saves me.", "The next morning, I fly back to New York, and a few weeks later, I get a call from my rental car agency explaining that ", "the accident report", " had come back on the accident that I just described. And it had found me at fault and that I owed… And I’m not making this up… $12,000 for the repairs on the other driver’s Mercedes S.U.V. And I was like, “well, this can’t be happening.” I explained to the woman, “I think it’s a misunderstanding. “The other guy was clearly drunk. It was definitely not my fault.” And she said, “I’m really sorry, but unless they change the accident report, you owe this money.” So I requested the accident report, and I’m gonna show you the actual accident report tonight. I don’t know if you’ve ever seen one of these things before… But it’s a little bit like homework for cops. And officer timson not so good with the homework. He consistently mixes up passenger one and passenger two, vehicle one and vehicle two. At one point, so badly that he says P-1… that’s me… started to go, but all of a sudden V-1… That’s me also… Came at a high rate of speed, crashing into him. Now, I’m pretty self-destructive as a person, but I would never crash into my own car with my own car, nor would I understand how you could do that. This part is even crazier. The other driver’s statement at the scene of the accident was, “I was on Venice going… uh, I’m not too sure. “I was going away from the beach. “I was driving. “I don’t know what happened. “Did I hurt anyone? “I don’t know where I was going, “but I came from home. I had a sip of beer.” Which is really everyone’s favorite quantity of beer. Just the one sip, right? That’s what they serve these days at the home/beach/pub.", "\nSo all of it’s mine. The officer makes one key mistake. He checks the box that finds me at fault. So I’m like, “I need to get officer Timson on the phone, so we can clear up this misunderstanding.” The problem is he keeps ducking my calls, and I know ’cause I’m calling two or three times a day, leaving messages, calling departments next to his department, so he knows I’m trying to reach him. And finally, after a month of this, I get him on the phone, and I’m so relieved. And I explain this misunderstanding. And he listens to me, and he says, “do the right thing, and pay for the guy’s car.” I know, and, I mean, that’s what I said. I go, “aren’t you listening to any of this?” I go, “and this guy was clearly drunk. “I mean, he nearly killed me. “Inches from where he hit, “and I would be dead right now. “And he wants me to pay for his car? “Don’t you see how crazy that is, just as one human being to another?” And he says, “do the right thing, and pay for the guy’s car.” And he hangs up the phone. And at this point, this stops being about money, and it’s just about stopping a man who has no regard for people or the law. This is Chinatown! So I started printing up Google maps of the scene of the accident and California state driving law. I’m on the phone with lawyers and private investigators. There’s only one lawyer who would consider the case. And he was an accident lawyer, and he said, “did you have any loss of income from the accident?” And I said, “no,” and he says, “did you have any loss of income from the accident?” And I said, “no. This isn’t about money.” And he doesn’t take the case, and this is when I start going completely mad.", "\nI’m up to about 4:00 or 5:00 A.M. every night just surfing the web. I get a subscription to a site called ", "netdetective.com", ", which is a great site for vigilantes who have $29.95. So now I know this guy’s name, I know where he lives, I know what he does for a living. And in my mind, it becomes like a trailer for a revenge thriller. Like, “Jim Bosworth thought he was gonna get away with this, “but Jim Bosworth had another thing coming: Mike Birbiglia.” I was like, “I’m gonna track down Jim Bosworth. “I’m gonna sue Jim Bosworth, and I’m gonna sue the entire Los Angeles police department!” At this point, people stopped talking to me entirely. My friends would call me like, “hey, what’s going on?” I’d be like, “I’ll tell you what’s going on!” I’d tell them this whole story. And they’d be like, “you should get a lawyer.” I’d be like, “this is way past lawyers! A lawyer wouldn’t even touch this!” ‘Cause he wouldn’t.", "\nThe only person who would talk to me at this point was Jenny. One night, we were out to dinner at a restaurant, and she’s talking to me, but I’m not listening ’cause I’m writing down ideas I have for the case on my napkin. I’ve drawn out a diagram of the intersection, and the angles the cars are coming from and going to and the lanes that we were in, the laws the other driver broke, and the phone numbers I’m gonna call that week. And I’m so angry, I’m writing over my own handwriting to the point where I’m ripping through the napkin. And Jenny looks at me, and she says, “what are you doing?” And I said, “well, this is my case.” And she says, “well, why don’t you work on that in the morning?” And I said, “well, which part of this napkin don’t you understand?” Jenny says, “Mike… “You’re right, “but it’s only hurting you, “and I’m just so glad that you’re alive, and I think that we should focus on that.” She only has to say it once, and I give up the case, and I pay for this guy’s car. July 7, 2007, Jenny and I went to city hall and got married. I still didn’t believe in the idea of marriage, and I still don’t. But I believe in her, and I’ve given up on the idea of being right.", "Thank you guys very much. Thank you. Thank you guys so much! Thanks for coming here tonight and joining me."], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2018/03/03/mike-birbiglia-my-girlfriends-boyfriend-2013-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "GEORGE CARLIN: JAMMING IN NEW YORK (1992) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "April 6th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["GEORGE CARLIN", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Jammin’ in New York is George Carlin’s 14th album and eighth HBO special, recorded on April 24 and 25, 1992, at the Paramount Theater, on the grounds of Madison Square Garden in New York City.", "“Rockets and Penises in the Persian Gulf”", "\nThank you and hello New York! Okay, it’s been a little while, it’s been a little while since I’ve been here and a couple of things have happened in that time. I’d like to talk a little bit about the war in the Persian Gulf… biiiiiig doings in the Persian Gulf. You know my favourite part of that war? It’s the first war we ever had that was on every channel plus cable… and the war got good ratings too, didn’t it? Got good ratings! Well, we like war!!! We like war! We’re a war-like people! We like war because we’re good at it! You know why we’re good at it? Cause we get a lot of practice. This country’s only 200 years old and already, we’ve had 10 major wars. We average a major war every 20 years in this country so we’re good at it! And it’s a good thing we are; we’re not very good at anything else anymore! Huh? Can’t build a decent car, can’t make a TV set or a VCR worth a fuck, got no steel industry left, can’t educate our young people, can’t get health care to our old people, but we can bomb the shit out of your country all right! Huh? Especially if your country is full of brown people; oh we like that don’t we? That’s our hobby! That’s our new job in the world: bombing brown people. Iraq, Panama, Grenada, Libya, you got some brown people in your country, tell them to watch the fuck out or we’ll goddamn bomb them! Well when’s the last white people you can remember that we bombed? Can you remember the last white— can you remember ANY white people we’ve ever bombed? The Germans, those are the only ones and that’s only because they were trying to cut in on our action. They wanted to dominate the world! BULLSHIT! THAT’S OUR FUCKING JOB!!!", "\nNow, we only bomb brown people – not because they’re trying to cut in on our action – just because they’re brown. Now you probably noticed I don’t feel about that war the way we were told we were supposed to feel about that war, the way we were ordered and instructed by the United States government to feel about that war. You see, I tell ya, my mind doesn’t work that way. I got this real moron thing I do; it’s called “thinking”, and I’m not a very good American because I like to form my own opinions. I don’t just roll over when I’m told to. Sad to say, most Americans just roll over on command, not me. I have certain rules I live by; my first rule: I don’t believe anything the government tells me… nothing, zero, no, and I don’t take very seriously, the media or the press in this country, who in the case of the Persian Gulf war were nothing more than unpaid employees of the Department of Defence, and who most of the time, most of the time functioned as kind of an unofficial public relations agency for the United States government. So I don’t listen to them, I don’t really believe in my country and I gotta tell you folks, I don’t get all choked up about yellow ribbons and American flags. I consider them to be symbols and I leave symbols to the symbol-minded.", "\nMe? I look at war a little bit differently. To me, war is a lot of prick-waving okay? Simple thing, that’s all it is, war is a whole lot of men standing out in a field waving their pricks at one another. Men are insecure about the size of their dicks and so they have to kill one another over the idea. That’s what all that asshole, jock bullshit is all about. That’s what all that adolescent, macho-male posturing, and strutting in bars and locker rooms is all about, it’s called “dick fear!” Men are terrified that their pricks are inadequate and so they have to compete with one another to feel better about themselves and since war is the ultimate competition, basically, men are killing each other in order to improve their self-esteem. You don’t have to be a historian or a political scientist to see the Bigger Dick foreign policy theory at work. It sounds like this: “What?! They have bigger dicks?! BOMB THEM!!!” And of course, the bombs and the rockets and the bullets are all shaped like dicks. It’s a subconscious need to project the penis into other people’s affairs. It’s called: “FUCKING WITH PEOPLE!!!”", "\nSo as far as I’m concerned, that whole thing in the Persian Gulf is nothing more than a biiiiiig prick-waving dick fight. In this particular case, Saddam Hussein had questioned the size of George Bush’s dick and George Bush has been called a wimp for so long – “wimp” rhymes with “limp” – George has been called a wimp for so long, that he has to act out his manhood fantasies by sending other people’s children to die. Even the name… “Bush”… even the name, “Bush”, is related to the genitals without being the genitals. A bush is a sort of passive, secondary, sex characteristic. Now if this man’s name had been George Boner, well, he might’ve felt a little bit better about himself and we wouldn’t have had any trouble over there in the first place.", "\nThis whole country has a manhood problem, biiiiiig manhood problem in the USA. You can tell from the language we use; language always gives you away. What did we do wrong in Vietnam? We pulled out! Huh? Not a very manly thing to do is it? When you’re fucking people, you gotta stay in there and fuck them good! Fuck ‘em all the way! Fuck ‘em ‘til the end! Fuck ‘em to death! Fuck ‘em to death! Fuck ‘em to death! Stay in there and keep fucking them until they’re all dead! We left a few women and children alive in Vietnam and we haven’t felt good about ourselves since. That’s why in the Persian Gulf, George Bush had to say “this will not be another Vietnam!” He actually used these words, he said: “This time, we’re going all the way!” Imagine, an American president using the sexual slang of a 13 year-old to describe his foreign policy. If you wanna know what happened in the Persian Gulf, just remember the names of the two men who were running that war: Dick Cheney and Colin Powell… somebody got fucked in the ass!", "“Little Things We Share”", "\nNow to balance the scale, I’d like to talk about some things that bring us together, things that point out our similarities instead of our differences cause that’s all you ever hear about in this country is our differences. That’s all the media and the politicians are ever talking about: the things that separate us, things that make us different from one another. That’s the way the ruling class operates in any society: they try to divide the rest of the people; they keep the lower and the middle classes fighting with each other so that they, the rich, can run off with all the fucking money. Fairly simple thing… happens to work. You know, anything different, that’s what they’re gonna talk about: race, religion, ethnic and national background, jobs, income, education, social status, sexuality, anything they can do to keep us fighting with each other so that they can keep going to the bank. You know how I describe the economic and social classes in this country? The upper class keeps all of the money, pays none of the taxes. The middle class pays all of the taxes, does all of the work. The poor are there just to scare the shit out of the middle class… keep on showing up at those jobs.", "\nSo stirring up the shit is something I like to do from time to time but I also like to know that I can come back to these little things we have in common, little universal moments that we share separately, the things that make us the same. They’re so small; we hardly ever talk about them.", "\nDo you ever look at your watch… and then you don’t know what time it is? And you have to look again, and you still don’t know the time. So you look a third time and somebody says “what time is it?” you say “I don’t know.”", "\nDo you ever notice how sometimes all day Wednesday, you keep thinking it’s Thursday? And it happens over and over all day long, and then the next day, you’re all right again.", "\nDo you ever find yourself standing in one of the rooms in your house and you can’t remember why you went in there? And two words float across your mind: “Alzheimer’s Disease?!”", "\nYou ever been talking to yourself and somebody comes in the room and you have to make believe you were singing? And you hope to God the other person really believes there’s a song called “What Does She Think I Am… Some Kind of Putz?!”", "\nLittle experiences we’ve all had… you ever been sitting in a railroad train in the station and there’s another train sitting right next to ya, and one of them starts to move, and you can’t tell which one it is?", "\nHow about when you’re out on a small boat on a windy day? You ever been out rocking back and forth for three or four hours trying to keep your balance, rough seas, little boat, then you get back into the shore and you’re standing on the dock and you could swear there was something inside of you that was still out there rocking?", "\nDid you ever try to pick up a suitcase you thought was full but it wasn’t? And you go pwwt… and for just a split second you feel really strong.", "\nHow about when you’re looking through a chain link fence? Did you ever notice if you’re just the right distance from a chain link fence, sometimes it seems to go pwwt [makes a closing in and out motion]? What is that? How do they do that?", "\nDid you ever try to tell somebody they have a little bit of dirt on their face? You can never get them to rub the right spot can you? “Say… you got a little bit of dirt right here.” They always go “where? Here?” and you just wanna slap the bastard!", "\nDo you ever notice how awful your face looks in a mirror in a restroom that has florescent lights? Every cut, scrape, scratch, scar, scab, bruise, boil, bump, pimple, zit, warp, welt, and abscess you’ve had since BIRTH all seem to come back at the same time, and all you can think of is “I GOTTA GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!!!”", "\nDid you ever notice sometimes when you’re walking with your arm around your date, one of you has the change the way you’re walking? Men and women don’t walk the same; one of them has to change. Either the man has to walk like this [walks on his toes] or the woman has to walk like this [struts] “Joey, how are ya?”", "\nHow about when you’re going up a flight of stairs and you think there’s one more step? And you go ughh. And then you have to kinda keep doing that you know, so people will think it’s something you do all the time. “I do this all the time; it’s the third stage of syphilis.” Same thing happens when you’re going down the stairs. You could swear there was one more step— pfft! “Holy shit! My hips are in my chest!”", "\nWhen you drink grapefruit juice in the morning, do you go like this? [squints face] I do too! Why do we drink it?! It’s like ice cream throat. You know when you’ve been eating ice cream too fast and you get that frozen spot in the back of your throat but you can’t do anything about it because you can’t reach it to rub it? You just have to kinda wait for it to go away? And it does… then what do you do? EAT MORE ICE CREAM!!! WHAT ARE WE FUCKING STUPID?!", "\nDid you ever fall asleep on a late afternoon, you wake up after dark, and you don’t know what goddamn day it is?", "\nLike when you have your head on a pillow… did you ever notice when you have your head on a pillow, if you close the bottom eye, the pillow is down there, then if you switch eyes, the pillow moves up there? “Whoa, holy shit Dave! Look at this! The mystery of the moving pillow… I think it’s related to the chain link fence mystery myself.”", "\nDid you ever have to sneeze while you’re taking a piss? It’s frightening isn’t it? It’s frightening cause actually, you can’t do it! It’s physically impossible to sneeze while pissing. Your brain won’t let it happen; your brain says “STOP PISSING!!! YOU’RE GOING TO SNEEZE NOW!!!” cause your brain knows you might blow your asshole out!", "“Airline Announcements”", "\nSomething else we have in common… flying on the airlines and listening to the airlines’ announcements and trying to pretend to ourselves that the language they’re using is really English. Doesn’t seem like it to me…", "\nWhole thing starts when you get to the gate… first announcement: “We would like to begin the boarding process…” Extra word, “process”, not necessary, “boarding” is enough; “we’d like to begin the boarding…” simple, tells the story. People add extra words when they want things to sound more important than they really are. “Boarding process” sounds important… it isn’t. It’s just a bunch of people getting on an airplane!", "\nPeople like to sound important; weathermen on television talk about “shower activity…” sounds more important than “showers”. I even heard one guy on CNN talk about “a rain event.” Swear to God, he said “Louisiana is expecting a rain event.” I thought “holy shit, I hope I can get tickets to that!”", "\n… “Emergency situation…” News people like to say “police have responded to an emergency situation.” No they haven’t, they’ve responded to an emergency. We know it’s a situation… everything is a situation!", "\nAnyway, as part of this boarding process, they say “we would like to pre-board…”…Well what exactly is that anyway? What does it mean to pre-board? You get on before you get on?", "\nThat’s another complaint of mine: too much use of this prefix “pre.” It’s all over the language now: pre-this, pre-that, “place the turkey in a pre-heated oven…” It’s ridiculous! There are only two states an oven can possibly exist in: HEATED OR UNHEATED! “Pre-heated” is a meaningless fucking term!", "\nIt’s like “pre-recorded…” “this program was pre-recorded…” well OF COURSE it was pre-recorded! When else are you gonna record it? Afterwards?! That’s the whole purpose of recording: to do it beforehand… otherwise it doesn’t really work does it?!", "\n“Pre-existing”, “pre-planning”, “pre-screening”, you know what I tell these people? PRE-SUCK MY GENITAL SITUATION!!! And they seem to understand what I’m talking about…", "\nAnyway, as part of this pre-boarding, they say: “we would like to pre-board those passengers travelling with small children.” Well what about those passengers travelling with large children? Suppose you have a two year-old with a pituitary disorder! You know, a six-foot infant with an oversized head, the kind of kids you see in the National Inquirer all the time. Actually, with a kid like that, I think you’re better off checking him right in with your luggage at the curb don’t you? Well they like it under there, it’s dark, they’re used to that!", "\nAbout this time, someone is telling you to get on the plane… “get on the plane, get on the plane…” I say “Fuck you! I’m getting IN the plane! Let Evil Keneevil get ON the plane! I’ll be in here with you folks in uniform. There seems to be less WIND in here!”", "\nThey might tell you you’re on a “non-stop flight…”…Well I don’t think I care for that. No, I insist that my flight stop! Preferably at an airport! It’s those sudden unscheduled corn field and housing development stops that seem to interrupt the flow of my day!", "\nHere’s one they just made up: “near-miss.” When two planes almost collide, they call it a “near-miss.” IT’S A NEAR-HIT!!! A collision is a near-miss! Pfft! “Look, they nearly missed.” “Yes, but not quite!”", "\nThey might tell you your flight has been delayed because of a “change of equipment…” BROKEN PLANE!!!", "\nTell me to “put my seatback forward…” Well I don’t bend that way! If I could put my seatback forward, I’d be in porno movies!!!", "\nThen they mention “carry-on luggage…” first time I heard “carry-on”, I thought they were going to bring a dead deer on board. I thought “what the hell do they need with that? Don’t they have the little TV dinners anymore?” Then I thought “carry-on, carry on, there’s going to be a party! People are going to be carrying on on the plane.” Well I don’t care for that; I like a serious attitude on the plane, especially on the “flight deck” which is the latest euphemism for “COCKPIT!!!” Can’t imagine why they wouldn’t want to use a lovely word like “COCKPIT” can you? Especially with all those stewardesses going in and out of it all the time!", "\nThere’s a word that’s changed: “stewardess…” First it was “hostess”, then it’s “stewardess”, now it’s “flight attendant.” You know what I call them? “The Lady on the Plane.” Sometimes, it’s a man on the plane now, that’s good, equality; I’m all in favour of that. Sometimes, they actually refer to these people as “uniformed crew members.” Uniformed… as opposed to that guy sitting next to you in a “grateful dead” t-shirt and a “fuck you” hat… who’s working on his ninth little bottle of Kahlua I might add.", "\nAs soon as they close the door to the aircraft, that’s when they begin the safety lecture. I love the safety lecture. This is my favourite part of the airplane ride. I listen very carefully to the safety lecture, especially that part where they teach us how to use “the seat belts.” Imagine this: here we are; a plane full of grown human beings – many of us partially educated – and they’re actually taking time out to describe the intricate workings of a belt buckle! “Place the small metal flap into the buckle.” Well I asked for clarification at that point! “Over here please… over here… yes… thank you very much. Did I hear you correctly? Did you say ‘place the small metal flap into the buckle’ or ‘place the buckle over and around the small metal flap?’ I’m a simple man; I do not possess an engineering degree nor am I mechanically inclined. Sorry to have taken up so much of your time, please continue with the wonderful safety lecture. Seat belt: high-tech shit!”", "\nThe safety lecture continues… the next thing they do, they tell you to locate your nearest emergency exit… I do this immediately! I locate my nearest emergency exit and then I plan my route. You have to plan your route; it’s not always a straight line is it? Sometimes, there’s a REALLY BIG FAT FUCK SITTING RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU!!! Well you know you’ll never get over him! I look around for women and children, midgets and dwarves, cripples, war widows, paralyzed veterans, people with broken legs, anybody who looks like they can’t move too well. The emotionally disturbed come in very handy at a time like this. You might have to go out of your way to find these people but you’ll get out of the plane a lot goddamn quicker, believe me! I say “let’s see… I go around the fat fuck, step on the widow’s head, push those children out of the way, knock down the paralyzed midget, and get out of the plane where I can help others.” I can be of no help to anyone if I’m lying unconscious in the aisle with some big cocksucker standing on my head! I must get out of the plane, go to a nearby farmhouse, have a Dr. Pepper, and call the police!", "\nThe safety lecture continues… “In the unlikely event…” This is a very suspect phrase, especially coming as it does from an industry that is willing to lie about arrival and departure times… “In the unlikely event of a sudden change in cabin pressure…” ROOF FLIES OFF!!! “…an oxygen mask will drop down in front of you. Place the mask over your face and breathe normally.” Well, I have no problem with that. I always breathe normally when I’m in a 600mph uncontrolled vertical dive. I also shit normally… RIGHT IN MY PANTS!!! They tell you to adjust your oxygen mask before helping your child with his. I did not need to be told that. In fact, I’m probably going to be too busy screaming to help him at all! This will be a good time for him to learn “self-reliance!” If he can program his fucking VCR, he can goddamn, jolly well learn to adjust an oxygen mask! Fairly simple thing; just a little rubber band at the back, that’s all it is… not nearly as complicated as say, for instance a… seat belt.", "\nThe safety lecture continues… “In the unlikely event of a water landing…” … … well what exactly is… a water landing? Am I mistaken or does this sound somewhat similar to CRASHING INTO THE OCEAN?!!! “…your seat cushion can be used as a floatation device.” Well imagine that: my seat cushion… just what I need… to float around the North Atlantic for several days, clinging to a pillow full of beer farts!", "\nThe flight continues… a little later on, toward the end, we hear: “the captain has turned on the ‘fasten seat belt’ sign.” Well who gives a shit who turned it on?! What does that have to do with anything?! It’s on isn’t it?! … …And who made this man a captain might I ask? Did I sleep through some sort of an armed forces swearing-in ceremony or something? Captain? He’s a fucking pilot! Let him be happy with that! If those sightseeing announcements are any mark of his intellect, he’s lucky to be working at all! Tell the captain “Air Marshall Carlin says ‘GO FUCK YOURSELF!!!’”", "\nThe next sentence I hear is full of things that piss me off: “Before leaving the aircraft, please check around your immediate seating area for any personal belongings you might have brought on board.” Well, let’s start with “immediate seating area…”… SEAT!!! It’s a goddamn seat! “Check around your seat!”…", "\n“…for any personal belongings…” Well what other kinds of belongings are there besides personal? Public belongings? Do these people honestly think I might be travelling with a fountain I stole from the park?!", "\n“…you might have brought on board.” Well… I might have brought my arrowhead collection… I didn’t, SO I’M NOT GOING TO LOOK FOR IT!!! I’M GOING TO LOOK FOR THINGS I BROUGHT ON BOARD!!! It would seem to enhance the likelihood of my finding something wouldn’t you say?", "\nTell me to return my seatback and tray table to their original upright positions? Fine, who’s going to return this guy in the “grateful dead” t-shirt and the “fuck you” hat to his original upright position?", "\nAbout this time, they tell you “you’ll be landing shortly…” that sound to you like we’re gonna miss the runway? “Final approach” is not very promising either is it? “Final” is not a good word to be using on an airplane. Sometimes, the pilot will get on and he’ll say “we’ll be on the ground in 15 minutes.” WELL THAT’S A LITTLE VAGUE ISN’T IT?!!!", "\nNow we’re taxiing in, she says “welcome to O’Hare International Airport…” Well how can someone who is just arriving herself possibly welcome me to a place she isn’t even at yet?! Doesn’t this… doesn’t this violate some fundamental law of physics?! We’re only on the ground four seconds; she’s coming on like the fucking mayor’s wife!", "\n“…where the local time…” well of course it’s the local time. What did you think we were expecting? The time in Pengo, Pengo?", "\n“…enjoy your stay in Chicago or wherever your final destination might be.”… All destinations are final. That’s what it means “destiny”, “final.” If you haven’t gotten where you’re going, you aren’t there yet.", "\n“The captain has asked…” More shit from the bogus captain… you know for someone who’s supposed to be flying an airplane, he’s taking a mighty big interest in what I’m doing back here…", "\n“…that you remain seated until he has brought the aircraft to a complete stop.” Not a partial stop… cause during a partial stop, I partially get up.", "\n“Continue to observe the ‘no smoking’ sign until well inside the terminal.” It’s physically impossible to observe the “no smoking” sign even if you’re standing just outside the door of the airplane! Much less well inside the terminal; you can’t even see the FUCKING PLANES from well inside the terminal!", "\nWhich brings me to “terminal”, another unfortunate word to be used in association with air travel… and they use it all over the airport don’t they? Somehow, I just can’t get hungry at a place called “The Terminal Snack Bar”. But if you’ve ever eaten there, you know it is an appropriate name.", "“Golf Courses for the Homeless”", "\nSpeaking of places to eat and what they’re called or named, Beverly Hills has a brand new restaurant specifically for bulimia victims. It’s called “The Scarf ‘n Barf.” Well, they weren’t gonna call it “The Fork ‘n Bucket.” Thank God, good taste prevailed. How about a restaurant for anorexics? What would you call it? “The Empty Plate”, “The Lonesome Chef”, “Start Without Me Guys”… See, somehow I can’t feel sorry an anorexic you know? Rich cunt don’t wanna eat? Fuck her. Don’t eat! I ain’t give a shit! Like I’m supposed to be concerned about this—“I DON’T WANNA EAT!!!” Go fuck yourself. Why don’t you lie down in front of a railroad train right after you don’t eat? What kind of a goddamn disease is that anyway? “I DON’T WANNA EAT!!!” How do we come up with this shit in this country? Where do we get our values from? Bulimia! There’s another all-American disease. This has gotta be the only country in the world that could ever have come up with bulimia… gotta be the only country where some people are digging in the dumpster for a peach pit, other people eat a nice meal and puke it up intentionally! Where do we get our values from? I do not understand our values.", "\nBy the way, speaking of American values, aren’t we about due to start bombing some small country that only has a marginally effective air force? Seems to me like we’re weeks overdue to drop high explosives helpless civilians; people who have no argument with us whatsoever. I think we ought to be out there doing what we do best gang: making large holes in other people’s countries. I hate to be repetitious but we are a war-like lot. We can’t stand it not to be fucking with somebody! We couldn’t wait for that Cold War to be over could we? Couldn’t wait for the Cold War to be over so we can go and play with our toys in the sand, go and play with our toys in the sand, and when we’re not invading some sovereign nation or setting it on fire from the air, which is more fun for our Nintendo pilots, then we’re usually declaring war on something here at home.", "\nDid you ever notice that about us? We love to declare war on things here in America. Anything we don’t like about ourselves, we declare war on it, we don’t do anything about it, we just declare war on it. It’s the only metaphor, the only metaphor we have in our public discourse for solving problems: declaring war. We have to declare a war on everything; we have a war on crime, the war on poverty, the war on litter, the war on cancer, the war on drugs, but did you ever notice we got no war on homelessness? Huh? No war on homelessness… you know why? There’s no money in that problem, no money to be made off of the homeless. If you can find a solution to homelessness where the corporate swine and the politicians could steal a couple of million dollars each, you’ll see the streets of America begin to clear up pretty goddamn quick, I’ll guarantee you that!", "\nI got an idea! You know what they ought to do? Give the homeless their own magazine. Give them their own magazine. It would them feel better for one thing. That’s a sure sign of making it in this country; every group in this country that arrives at a certain level has its own magazine. We have Working Mother Magazine, Black Entrepreneur Magazine, Hispanic Business Magazine, in fact, any activity; any activity engaged in by more than four people in this country has got a fucking magazine devoted to it. Skydiving, snowmobiling, backpacking, mountain climbing, bungee jumping, skeet shooting, duck hunting, jerking off, playing pool, shooting someone in the asshole with a dart gun… they probably got a fucking magazine for that! WALKING for Christ sakes… WAAALLLKKKIIINNNGGG!!!!!! There’s actually a fucking magazine called “WALKING!” “Look Dan! The new ‘Walking’ is out! Here’s a good article: ‘Putting one foot in front of the other!’” Give ‘em their own magazine. You know what you’d call a magazine for the homeless? “Better Crates and Cartons.” Yeah, then when they get finished reading it, they can use it to line their clothing. That’s a good, sound business solution isn’t it? That’s the kind of answer you get from a conservative American businessman in this country: “Yeah, let them read it. When they get finished reading, they can use it to plug up the holes in the piano crates they all seem to like to live in.” A good, sound, practical, conservative American biiizniiiz solution.", "\nI got an idea about homelessness. You know what they ought to do? Change the name of it. Change the name! It’s not homelessness, it’s houselessness! It’s houses these people need! A home is an abstract idea, a home is a setting, it’s a state of mind. These people need houses; physical, tangible structures. They need low-cost housing but where’re you gonna put it? Well that’s fine but where’re you gonna put it? Where’re you gonna put it?", "\nNobody wants you to build low-cost housing near their house. People don’t want it near ‘em! We’ve got something in this country – you’ve heard of it – it’s called NIMBY, N-I-M-B-Y, “Not In My BackYard!” People don’t want anything, any kind of social help, located anywhere near ‘em! You try to open up a Halfway House, try to open up a drug rehab or an alcohol rehab centre, try to do a homeless shelter somewhere, try to open up a little home for some retarded people who wanna work their way into the community, people say “NOT IN MY BACKYARD!” People don’t want anything near ‘em especially if it might help somebody else; part of that great American spirited generosity we hear about—pbbt!!! Great generous American spirit! You can ask an Indian about that; ask an Indian – if you can find one… you gotta locate an Indian first; we’ve made ‘em just a little difficult to find – or if you need current data, select a black family at random, ask them how generous America has been to them.", "\nPeople don’t want anything near ‘em, even if it’s something they believe in, something they think society needs, like prisons! Everybody wants more prisons right? Everybody wants more prisons. People say “BUILD MORE PRISONS… …but not here.” Well why not? What’s wrong? What’s the problem? What’s wrong with having a prison in your neighbourhood? It would seem to me like it would make it a pretty crime-free area, don’t you think? You think a lot of crackheads and pimps and hookers and thieves are gonna be hanging around in front of a fucking prison?! Bullshit! They ain’t coming anywhere NEAR it!!! What’s wrong with these people? All the criminals are locked up behind the walls and if a couple of them do break out, what do you think they’re gonna do? Hang around? Check real estate trends? Bullshit! Pwwt! They’re fucking gone! That’s the whole idea of breaking out of prison is to get the fuck as far away as you possibly can! …not in my backyard…", "\nPeople don’t want anything near ‘em… except military bases. They don’t mind that do they? They like that. Give ‘em an army base, give ‘em a navy base, makes ‘em happy, why? Jobs! Jobs! Self-interest! Even if the base is loaded with nuclear weapons, THEY DON’T GIVE A FUCK!!! They say “well, I’ll take a little radiation if I can get a job!” Working people have been fucked over so long in this country, those are the kind of decisions they’re left to make.", "\nI’ve got just the place for low-cost housing, I have solved this problem, I know where we can build housing for the homeless: GOLF COURSES!!! Perfect! Golf courses! Just what we need! Just what we need: plenty of good land in nice neighbourhoods, land that is currently being wasted on a meaningless, mindless activity, engaged in primarily by white, well-to-do, male businessmen who use the game to get together to make deals to carve this country up a little finer among themselves. I am getting tired… really… getting… tired of these golfing cocksuckers in their green pants, and their yellow pants, and their orange pants, and their precious little hats, and their cute little golf carts! It is time to reclaim the golf courses from the wealthy and turn them over to the homeless. Golf is an arrogant, elitist game and it takes up entirely too much room in this country. It is an arrogant game on its very design alone. Just the design of the game SPEAKS of arrogance! Think of how big a golf course is… THE BALL IS THAT FUCKING BIG!!! WHAT DO THESE PIN-HEADED PRICKS NEED WITH ALL THAT LAND?!!! There are over 17,000 golf courses in America, they average over 150 acres apiece, that’s 3 million plus acres, 4,820 square miles… you could build two Rhode Island’s and a Delaware for the homeless on the land currently being wasted on this meaningless, mindless, arrogant, elitist, racist – there’s another thing; the only blacks you’ll find in country clubs are carrying trays – and a boring game… boring game for boring people. You ever watch golf on television? It’s like watching flies fuck! And-and a mindless game, mindless, think of the intellect it must take to draw pleasure from this activity: hitting a ball with a crooked stick… and then… walking after it… and then… HITTING IT AGAIN!!! I SAY PICK IT UP ASSHOLE!!! YOU’RE LUCKY YOU FOUND THE FUCKING THING!!! PUT IT IN YOUR POCKET AND GO THE FUCK HOME!!! YOU’RE A WINNER!!! YOU’RE A WINNER!!! YOU FOUND IT!!! No… never happens… no… no chance of that happening; Dorko in the plaid knickers is going to hit it again and walk some more. Let these rich cocksuckers play miniature golf. Let ‘em fuck with a windmill for an hour and a half or so… see if there’s really any skill among these people. Now I know there are some people who play golf who don’t consider themselves rich… FUCK ‘EM!!! And shame on them for engaging in an arrogant, elitist pastime.", "\nHey! Here’s another place we can put some low-cost housing: CEMETARIES!!! There’s another idea whose time has passed! Saving all the dead people up for one part of town?! What the hell kind of a medieval, superstitious, religious, bullshit idea is that?! Plough these motherfuckers up, plough into the streams and rivers of America; we need that phosphorous for farming! If we’re going to recycle, LET’S GET SERIOUS!!!", "“The Planet Is Fine”", "\nThank you… I appreciate it… I appreciate that [has a sip of water]… good to have a little sip of this, the water, I assume, is still safe to drink in New York huh? [Audience reacts negatively] Actually, I gotta be fair with you; I’m only setting you up a little bit. It’s just… it’s not a trick question but it’s just a set-up cause I don’t really care about the water, to tell you the truth, I just love to hear the answer to that question. I ask that question everywhere I go. Everywhere I go, I say: “How’s the water?”… Haven’t got a positive answer yet… not one. Last year, I was in 40 states, 100 cities. Not one audience was able to say to me: “Yes, enjoy some of our fine local water! It is pure and it is good!” Of course, I know a lot of people don’t talk that way anymore but nobody trusts the local water supply. Nobody! And that amuses me, I like that, I admit I’m a bit perverted but it amuses me that no one can really trust the water anymore and the thing I like about it the most is: it means the system is beginning to collapse and everything is slowly breaking down.", "\nI enjoy chaos and disorder – not just because they help me professionally – they’re also my hobby. You see, I’m an entropy fan. When I first heard of entropy in high school science, I was attracted to it immediately. When they told me that in nature, all systems are breaking down, I thought: “What a good thing! What a good thing! Perhaps I can make some small contribution in this area myself.” And of course, it’s not just in nature, in this country, the whole social structure… just beginning to collapse, you watch; just beginning now to come apart at the edges and the seams and the thing I like about that is that it means it makes the news on television more interesting, makes the television news more exciting, makes it more fun. I watch television news for one thing and one thing only: entertainment! That’s all I want from the news: entertainment! You know my favourite thing on television? Bad news! Bad news and disasters and accidents and catastrophes. I wanna see some explosions and fires! I wanna see shit blowing up and bodies flying around! I’m not interested in the budget; I don’t care about tax negotiations; I don’t wanna know what country the fucking Pope is in! But you show me a hospital that’s on fire and people on crutches are jumping off the roof and I’M A HAPPY GUY!!! I’M A HAPPY GUY!!! I’M A HAPPY GUY!!! I wanna see a paint factory blowing up! I wanna see an oil refinery explode! I wanna see a tornado hit a church on Sunday! I wanna see people— I wanna know there’s some guy running through the K-Mart with an automatic weapon firing at the clerks! I wanna see thousands of people in the street killing policemen! I wanna hear about a nuclear meltdown! I wanna know the stock market dropped 2000 points in one day! I wanna see people under pressure! Sirens, flames, smoke, bodies, graves being filled, parents weeping… exciting shit! My kind of TV! I just want some entertainment! It’s just the kind of guy I am! It’s the kind of guy I am! You know what I love the most? When big chunks of concrete and fiery wood are falling out the sky and people are running around trying to get out of the way!", "\nExciting shit! That’s why I watch auto-racing. That’s the only reason I watch auto-racing: I’m waiting for some ACCIDENTS man!!! I wanna see some cars on fire! I don’t care about a bunch of redneck jackoffs driving 500 miles in a circle! 500 miles in a circle? Children can do that for Christ sakes! Doesn’t impress me! I wanna see some schmuck with his hair on fire running around punching his own head trying to put it out! I wanna see the pits explode! I wanna see a car doing a 200mph cartwheel! Hey, where else besides auto-racing am I gonna see a 23 car collision and not be in the son of a bitch?! And if a car flies out of control, lands in the stands and kills 50 spectators, FINE, FUCK ‘EM!!! Serves ‘em right; they paid to get in, let ‘em take their chances with everybody else! Just means more fun for me! More fun for me!", "\nHey, at least I admit it. At least I admit it. Most people won’t admit to those feelings. Most people see something like that on television, they’ll say: “Oh isn’t that awful? Isn’t that too bad?” Pbbt! Lying asshole! Lying assholes! You love it and you KNOW it! EXPLOSIONS ARE FUN!!! And hey, the closer the explosion is to your house, the more fun it is! Did you ever notice that? Sometimes, you have the TV on and you’re working around the house, some guy comes on television and says: “6,000 people were killed in an explosion today…” You say: “Where?! Where?!” He says: “…in Pakistan.” You say: “Aww fuck Pakistan! Too far away to be any fun!” But if he says it happened in your hometown, you’ll say: “WHOA!!! HOT SHIT!!! COME ON DAVE; LET’S GO LOOK AT THE BODIES!!! LET’S GO LOOK AT THE BODIES!!!” I love bad news! I love bad news! Hey, the more bad news there is, the faster this system collapses. Fine by me! Fine by me! Don’t bother my ass! Don’t bother my ass none! I’m glad the water sucks. I’m glad it sucks. You know what I do about it? I drink it! Unless… unless it really smells, if it really smells a lot like sulphur, then I might buy a soda. But it’s gotta be a soda loaded with chemical additives! I like a lot of chemical additives in the things I eat and drink!", "\nSee, I’m not one of these people who’s worried about everything. You got people like this around you? Countries full of them now: people walking around all day long, every minute of the day, worried… about everything! Worried about the air; worried about the water; worried about the soil; worried about insecticides, pesticides, food additives, carcinogens; worried about radon gas; worried about asbestos; worried about saving endangered species. Let me tell you about endangered species all right? Saving endangered species is just one more arrogant attempt by humans to control nature. It’s arrogant meddling; it’s what got us in trouble in the first place. Doesn’t anybody understand that? Interfering with nature. Over 90% – over, WAY over – 90% of all the species that have ever lived on this planet, ever lived, are gone! Pwwt! They’re extinct! We didn’t kill them all, they just disappeared. That’s what nature does. They disappear these days at the rate of 25 a day and I mean regardless of our behaviour. Irrespective of how we act on this planet, 25 species that were here today will be gone tomorrow. Let them go gracefully. Leave nature alone. Haven’t we done enough?", "\nWe’re so self-important, so self-important. Everybody’s gonna save something now: “Save the trees! Save the bees! Save the whales! Save those snails!” and the greatest arrogance of all: “Save the planet!” What?! Are these fucking people kidding me?! Save the planet?! We don’t even know how to take care of ourselves yet! We haven’t learned how to care for one another and we’re gonna save the fucking planet?! I’m getting tired of that shit! I’m getting tired of that shit! I’m tired of fucking Earth Day! I’m tired of these self-righteous environmentalists; these white, bourgeois liberals who think the only thing wrong with this country is there aren’t enough bicycle paths! People trying to make the world safe for their Volvo’s! Besides, environmentalists don’t give a shit about the planet. They don’t care about the planet; not in the abstract they don’t. You know what they’re interested in? A clean place to live; their own habitat. They’re worried that someday in the future, they might be personally inconvenienced. Narrow, unenlightened self-interest doesn’t impress me.", "\nBesides, there is nothing wrong with the planet… nothing wrong with the planet. The planet is fine… the people are fucked! Difference! The planet is fine! Compared to the people, THE PLANET IS DOING GREAT: Been here four and a half billion years! Do you ever think about the arithmetic? The planet has been here four and a half billion years, we’ve been here what? 100,000? Maybe 200,000? And we’ve only been engaged in heavy industry for a little over 200 years. 200 years versus four and a half billion and we have the conceit to think that somehow, we’re a threat? That somehow, we’re going to put in jeopardy this beautiful little blue-green ball that’s just a-floatin’ around the sun? The planet has been through a lot worse than us. Been through all kinds of things worse than us: been through earthquakes, volcanoes, plate tectonics, continental drifts, solar flares, sunspots, magnetic storms, the magnetic reversal of the poles, hundreds of thousands of years of bombardment by comets and asteroids and meteors, worldwide floods, tidal waves, worldwide fires, erosion, cosmic rays, recurring ice ages, and we think some plastic bags and aluminum cans are going to make a difference?", "\nThe planet isn’t going anywhere… we are! We’re going away! Pack your shit folks! We’re going away and we won’t leave much of a trace either, thank God for that… maybe a little styrofoam… maybe… little styrofoam. The planet will be here, we’ll be long gone; just another failed mutation; just another closed-end biological mistake; an evolutionary cul-de-sac. The planet will shake us off like a bad case of fleas, a surface nuisance. You wanna know how the planet’s doing? Ask those people in Pompeii who are frozen into position from volcanic ash how the planet’s doing. Wanna know if the planet’s all right? Ask those people in Mexico City or Armenia or a hundred other places buried under thousands of tons of earthquake rubble if they feel like a threat to the planet this week. How about those people in Kilauea, Hawaii who build their homes right next to an active volcano and then wonder why they have lava in the living room?", "\nThe planet will be here for a long, long, LONG time after we’re gone and it will heal itself, it will cleanse itself cause that’s what it does. It’s a self-correcting system. The air and the water will recover, the earth will be renewed, and if it’s true that plastic is not degradable, well, the planet will simply incorporate plastic into a new paradigm: The Earth plus Plastic. The Earth doesn’t share our prejudice towards plastic. Plastic came out of the Earth! The Earth probably sees plastic as just another one of its children. Could be the only reason the Earth allowed us to be spawned from it in the first place: it wanted plastic for itself, didn’t know how to make it, needed us. Could be the answer to our age-old philosophical question: “Why are we here?” PLASTIC!!! ASSHOLES!!!", "\nSo the plastic is here, our job is done, we can be phased out now, and I think that’s really started already, don’t you? I mean, to be fair, the planet probably sees us as a mild threat; something to be dealt with, and I’m sure the planet will defend itself in the manner of a large organism. Like a beehive or an ant colony can muster a defence, I’m sure the planet will think of something. What would you do if you were the planet trying to defend against this pesky, troublesome species? Let’s see… what might… hmm… viruses! Viruses might be good. They seem vulnerable to viruses. And uh… viruses are tricky; always mutating and forming new strains whenever a vaccine is developed. Perhaps this first virus could be one that-that compromises the immune system of these creatures. Perhaps a human immunodeficiency virus making them vulnerable to all sorts of other diseases and infections that might come along and maybe it could be spread sexually, making them a little reluctant to engage in the act of reproduction.", "\nWell that’s a poetic note and it’s a start and I can dream can I? See, I don’t worry about the little things… bees, trees, whales, snails. I think we’re part of a greater wisdom that we won’t ever understand, a higher order. Call it what you want. You know what I call it? The big electron… the big electron. [Imitates electronic hum] It doesn’t punish, it doesn’t reward, it doesn’t judge at all. It just is and so are we… for a little while… thanks for being here with me for a little while tonight.", "\nThank you, thank you very much, thank you! Thank you!", "\nThank you New York City!", "\nTake care of yourself!", "\nTake care of yourself and somebody else! Thank you! Good night!"], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/04/06/george-carlin-jamming-new-york-1992-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "RON WHITE: A LITTLE UNPROFESSIONAL (2012) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "June 22nd, 2018", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["Ron White", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["I told you to shut up. Hey, baby, what the hell are you doing? What? Ron, you promised. You know how I get when all that jabberin’ starts. It just makes me crazy sometimes. You know how I am. Get in. You have a show to do in four hours. Oh, baby, we gonna make it to that show, you don’t worry about that. You just get this Cadillac fired up, and headed towards Austin. Jabberin’. All right! Bye, baby.", "Austin, Texas", ", how the hell are ya? Great to be back. Oh, man, it’s so great to be back in Austin, Texas. I just have so much fun when I’m here. I see so many friends. Thanks for comin’ out. I was in Bakersfield, California, Wednesday night. Boy, you people think you’re stupid. Last time I was in Austin was the first time I’ve ever blatantly been offered a three-way. And I turned it down, ‘Cause it was one of those deals Where it was two dudes and me. I don’t even watch two and a half men. We flew in from Los Angeles, and we’re goin’ through lax, ", "goin’ through screening", ", And this guy was just losin’ his fuckin’ mind, ’cause I guess he doesn’t travel that much. He’s not used to this equipment, and he’s just goin’ crazy. You know, you can have fun with that. You can do what I do. I take two Viagra and demand a pat-down. “What’s that in your pants, Mr. White?” I have no idea. You’re gonna need to pat that down. Pat it back up again. Give it a couple of twists, see if it’s hooked to anything. You might wanna go wash your hands.", "I started this tour this summer in ", "Las Vegas", ", and while I was in Vegas, ", "I broke this tooth off", " at the gum line, in an alcohol-swimming pool-related incident. I had a show to do in four hours, I was drunk, and missin’ a tooth. It looked a little unprofessional. Not to me, but to the fine folks at the mirage, It goddamn sure did. I told ’em, i said, you gotta get A dentist to patch this up. I will not go onstage lookin’ like this, ‘Cause this tooth doesn’t look that big until it’s gone. They found an all-Night dental school. This dentist is 14 years old. He hooks me up to the gas, and i don’t feel anything. I’m, like, dude, you need to turn this gas up. He goes, “there are regulations in the state of Nevada Stating which, code one, section four…” I’m, like, fuck! And i asked him, i said, where did you go to college? He goes, “Brigham young.” Fuck, dude, turn it up to catholic. Never let a Mormon set your buzz level. Never. Don’t do it. And I’ll tell you why. They don’t understand “fucked up” The way you and i do. They don’t. They’re guessin’, and they’re shitty guessers. When he got through with the procedure, You could still tell which tooth he worked on, ‘Cause it was a different color. My teeth looked like Indian corn. I had to go to my dentist, Who’s pitchin’ veneers for my teeth, Because he says I’m doin’ wide-Screen high-Definition television, Which is nobody’s friend. Every actor I know in Hollywood would rather have low-Definition narrow-Screen TV, So they look thin and fuzzy instead of clearly fat. I would like to see my dick on a wide-Screen TV. That way, i can quit lookin’ at it through my reading glasses. Put these on, baby. It looks bigger than it feels. I had no idea how expensive veneers were, man. They wanted to do eight teeth on the top, And six teeth on the bottom, And i was, like, how much is that gonna cost? He says, “$27,500.” Fuck, how much is dental school? I’ll teach my mother how to do it. You’re goin’ back to college, mom. “I never went to college.” This’ll be fun for you then. It was a weird week, and I knew it was gonna be a weird week, ’cause it started off weird. I was gonna go to ", "Vegas", " a day early to do some media, and I wanted to see this show called ", "Love", " that’s also at the mirage. Beatles Cirque du Soleil show. Fantastic fuckin’ show. And so, I was talkin’ to… My wife and I live in Atlanta and Hollywood, And we were out in California, And I said, I’m leavin’ today at 3:30 to go to Las Vegas, and I have an airplane that you guys bought me. I like it a lot. Half the fortune 500 companies in America have let go their private jets. Not Ron White Inc. I’m flyin’ that son of a bitch straight into bankruptcy. I guarantee you, one day, I’ll be livin’ in a double-wide trailer with shag carpet, and I’ll have a jet with weeds growin’ through it. I’ll be in the front seat goin’, push me around some. And I don’t come from money. I come from the opposite of money. I come from no money. Ten years ago, I lived in a camper in my friend’s backyard. He didn’t even know I was there. It wasn’t even a nice camper. It was a homemade pop-up camper. It was like somebody had duct taped a tent to a golf cart. I had a 20-inch Coleman television. I had to pump it up during commercials. You couldn’t watch porn on it, ’cause nobody’s that coordinated. I was broke. I owed the I.R.S. a bunch of money, ’cause I don’t understand how that works. It’s confusing. When I started doing stand-up, they said that made me an independent contractor, And they said I needed to start filing my taxes quarterly, which I thought meant every 25 years. My brain won’t wrap itself around shit that complicated. My brain does this. That’s it, that’s all it does. I have attention deficit disorder, I have learning disabilities. I don’t have a high school diploma. I’m smart, but you can’t prove it on paper. I do have a G.E.D., and if you don’t know what G.E.D. stands for, you probably got one, too. Anyway, I told my wife, I said, I’m leavin’ today at 3:30 to go to Vegas. My wife’s a singer, songwriter, composer. Margo Rey is her name. A brilliantly talented woman. And she says, “I’m workin’ with a guitar player in the studio till 5:00. You can’t wait till 5:30 so I can fly with you?” I said, can you be there at 5:30? And she said yes, which I knew was a lie, Because she’s the biggest liar I ever met in my life. When it comes to how long it’s gonna take her to get somewhere, I hear her on the phone all the time, just lyin’ through her teeth. “We’re two exits away, traffic’s really heavy. We should be there in 15 minutes.” I’m, like, you’re in the fuckin’ bathtub. We wouldn’t be there in 15 minutes If we were where you said we were. But i told her, i said, you get there at 5:30, You can fly with me, but let me tell you something, sugar tits. At 5:31, I am wheels up, and i am fucking gone. I said that. Not very loud. But i said it. 5:31 gets there. Is she there? No. – Do I leave? – Audience: no! No. 6:01 gets there, is she there? No. Do i leave? No. Why? Because this dick won’t suck itself, that’s why. It won’t. I’ve asked it to many, many times. In fact, the other day, I sat my dick down, I looked him straight in the eye, And I said, listen… I know I’ve drug you into some pretty muddy shit In the last 35 years. I need you to get past that, learn how to suck yourself, So I can grow a spine, And get on with my goddamn life. It went in one ear and out the other. My dick has ears. It has an eye, And it has two ears, And a double chin. Mr. Potato dick. The cutest thing you ever saw. I got little outfits to put on him. One of ’em’s a raincoat. Not a condom, a raincoat. Little yellow slicker with that hat. Looks like that fish and chips dude. It’s the exact same size as the one on the box. That’s just an interesting fact. What is it, ron? An interesting fact.", "\nAnyway, so we go see Love, The Beatles Cirque du Soleil show. I’m a huge fan of the Beatles. I just love their music, always have, And cirque’s always fun. Our show’s are at the same time, So i’d never been able to see it. I got eight people from my camp, My wife’s sittin’ next to me. We have great seats because i work for the mirage. Everything’s perfect, except… Right behind me, these two chicks Are just jabberin’. Not about the show, just jabberin’. Just jabber jabber, can’t shut up. Jabber jabber, won’t shut up. Jabber fuckin’ jabber fuckin’ jabber jabber. The kind of chicks that could talk around a blow job. I told my dave, if you don’t fix that goddamn screen door, I’m gonna… I come home one more time, that baby got a shitty diaper Wrapped around his ass, I’m gonna goddamn… …go to the swap meet, get a dress to wear to arby’s… And i turn around and look, I notice their husbands weren’t with ’em. I figure they’re at a gun show tryin’ to find A way out of this fuckin’ thing. Oh, that’s way better. I hear the guy sittin’ next to ’em go, “Hey, could you hold it down? My family’s tryin’ to watch the show.” She goes, “fuck you. We paid our money. We’ll do whatever the hell we want.” I was steamin’ fuckin’ pissed. They’re ruining my goddamn night. I can’t hear anything but that. I’ve been waitin’ for a year to fuckin’ see this show. And i turned around, and very politely… Don’t start with me. Very politely, i said, Lady, talkin’ during live theater, As far as social skills go, Is just like shittin’ in the street. She goes, “you better mind your own business.” I said, you better quit shittin’ in the street. She goes, “I’ll have you thrown outta here.” I said, if you don’t quit flappin’ your fuckin’ cock holster. Everybody heard that. Before, it was a little disturbance right behind me. Very few people privy to that one. Then, 1,700 people hear me goin’, If you don’t quit flappin’ your fuckin’ cock holster… This all at a show called love, by the way. I had her murdered and buried in the desert. Vegas, baby. Careful who you fuck with. And legend has it, if you go out into the desert, And the moon is full, And the wind dies down, You could still hear her jabberin’. “I’m a street shitter. I’m shittin’ in the street.” “Did you… What the fuck was that?” “That’s that chick Ron killed.” They call this jabber gulch.", "My favorite thing about playin’ Vegas is I get to play this golf course called Shadow Creek, which is one of the most exclusive golf courses in the world. I worked for ’em three years, didn’t even know it existed, because they knew if I found out it existed, that I’d pester the fuck out of ’em till they put it in my contract, which is exactly what happened. It’s amazing. This golf course is just so fuckin’ tricked out. The first time I walked through the gates, I was, like, nobody’s stoppin’ me. It’s where all the pros play when they’re in Vegas. I was out there this summer, and ", "Tiger Woods", " was out there, just dickin’ around. I met him, he signed my golf glove. He’s the most famous person I’ve ever met, and I know a lot of famous people, but nobody as famous as Tiger fuckin’ Woods. I love Tiger, man. I defended Tiger. When all that stuff first came out, when I heard those initial rumors, I felt sick to my goddamn stomach for the guy, because I’ve never been accused of doin’ anything I didn’t do. Not one goddamn time. I did it every single time. Not once could i go, no, that was Glen Campbell. Hey, a lot of things smell like strippers. And i defended him to my wife. I said, you don’t know what this guy’s been through. Hit his first famous golf shot on television When he was two years old. You don’t know what his home life’s like. You can’t judge the guy ’cause he made one mistake. Then he gets caught with number 13, 14, 15, 16. I started goin’, goddamn, tiger. Come on, buddy. And it got to the point where every time He got caught with another woman, My wife would go like this. What?! I don’t even know the fuckin’ guy. You’re actin’ like i was holdin’ his dick the whole time. We watched him make that long apology on television, And afterwards, my wife goes, “Do you think a guy like tiger Could quit cheatin’ on his wife?” I said… You bet. Which you know is bullshit, ‘Cause you know as well as i do, If a guy likes strange, gettin’ him to quit wantin’ strange Is like gettin’ a dog who likes to kill chickens to quit killin’ chickens. They don’t even know what you’re talkin’ about. You gotta quit killin’ chickens. All right, let me see if i got this straight. I can still kill chickens. No, you can’t kill chickens anymore. All right. Let’s say I’m in a hotel room with a chicken. Let’s say the chicken just wants to touch me. Can i kill that chicken? No. My wife told me all women want the same thing. They wanna marry somebody who will never have sex with anybody else, no matter what. I said, well, maybe you should consider marryin’ somebody that nobody else wants to fuck. If it means that much to you. Don’t marry the most famous golfer in the world. Marry the most famous frisbee golfer in the world. Ain’t no line to fuck that dude. We had a chat about cheatin’ that day. My wife told me, she goes, listen, let’s get this straight. Sex is sex. Period. I said, now, wait a minute. Oral sex is not the same as intercourse. She goes, it’s the exact same thing. I said, it’s not the same price. I heard that on the radio. It all comes down to opportunity, man. Some guys are put into a position where they have to say no to beautiful women, and that is hard to do. Some guys are never put in that position, And that’s way fuckin’ easier. I see these big 350-Pound guys all the time goin’, I have never cheated on my wife. I’ll bet that was tough. Tiger doesn’t get any credit For all that pussy he turned down, And that’s the number you’re lookin’ for right there. My wife’s best friend, her husband cheated on her, and my wife hates tiger’s guts, and I’m like, what about that guy? You don’t hate that guy. She goes, he did it one time. I said, he had one chance. This guy had sex with 100% of the women He possibly could his entire goddamn life. Tiger was 18 for 82,000. That takes a little goddamn discipline right there. If 82,000 women wanna have sex with you, and you only fuck 18 of ’em, that’s… love. He was in love with that woman. She broke his tiny Tiger heart. He lost all those sponsors, which never made sense to me. ‘Cause his core fan base is men, And I don’t know one guy in America who gave a fiddler’s fuck what he did. I guarantee you, not one guy in America went, really? Tiger got some straight pussy? I’m droppin’ at&t. Not one guy gave a fiddler’s fuck. When they were around their wives, they’d act like they gave a fiddler’s fuck. Get all foghorn leghorn. Why, i never! I can’t believe a man would commit such transgressions towards his wife. I say, i say, how’s his relationship with the lord, I’d like to know. Then as soon as they’re around their buddies, It’s, like, i wonder what kind of cologne he wears. I wanna smell just like that dude, man. He lost so many sponsors, I’m thinkin’ about Bringin’ him over to ron white inc. Not because we need a new face for the company, I’d just love to have somebody around the house To take the heat when i fuck up. “Ron white, you are the most selfish prick I have ever met in my life.” Tiger, get in here! You tell her what you did. “Ron white, you are the finest man i have ever known. “I shall fall to my bended knee And suckle your penis.” Well, thank you, baby. Slow down. Watch out for those ears.", "My new year’s resolution this year was to lose some weight, try to ", "get in better shape", ". I was workin’ on it yesterday, And i hurt my fat. I sprained my fat roll. Everybody in my camp’s on my ass About takin’ better care of myself. I’m, like, what? My wife bought me a bicycle, Thinkin’ i might ride it. It’s for sale. It’s a good deal, too. It’s like new. It’s got 750 yards on it. My wife wants me to start doin’ yoga with her, And i said, wait, baby, I’m not that flexible. She goes, you can bend over and touch your toes, can’t you? I said the only way i can touch my toes is if somebody cuts ’em off and hands ’em to me. I can’t even stand on one foot unless somebody’s shinin’ a flashlight in my eye. I thought this was funny. We were at my wife’s yoga school the other day, and they have a vegan restaurant there. My wife goes, why don’t we eat here? We’ve never eaten here. I said, fine, let’s eat here, ‘Cause this dick won’t suck itself. It’s all about compromise, folks. And i take my tray around to all the bean sprout piles, And i get to the cash register, and my tray is empty. And the purple dreadlock-Haired kid who runs the cash register goes, Mr. White, aren’t you gonna have something for lunch? I said, there’s just nothin’ here that I eat. He picks up a piece of carrot cake wrapped in cellophane, and he hands it to me. “Try this, it’s vegetarian.” The carrot cake… is vegetarian? He said yeah. I said, so you mean to tell me there’s no ham in this? ‘Cause my mother makes a meat-lovers’ carrot cake. It’s got sausage, pepperoni, hamburger meat. It’s not really heart healthy. She serves it with a lipitor and a stent. They have snuggies now for dogs, and i love dogs, But if i ever see a dog wearin’ a snuggie, I’m gonna kill it, because that’s what I think the dog would want me to do. I think if ", "all dogs go to heaven", ", Michael Vick’s gonna be a little nervous if he makes the cut. Yeah. There’s gonna be an awkward pause at the pearly gates. Really? They’re all here? Yeah, seems like they’re waitin’ on you, too, mike. I’m gonna slip off to hell. Tell ", "Bin Laden", " I said fuck you. We got bin laden. It took ten years. It wasn’t exactly a calf rope. He was in that house for six years with five wives. I would’ve shot my fuckin’ self. I’d have had my head out the window screamin’ at drones. I’m over here! Women. We have a little french bulldog named ", "Pearl", ", And the other day, my wife said, “I finally figured it out. “That dog is jealous of me. “That dog loves you so much, She can’t stand it if I’m in the same room with you.” I said, oh, don’t be ridiculous. And she walked into the kitchen. When she did, pearl jumped on my stomach and said, “I can have all your babies at the same time.” “She’s comin’ back. Act like nothin’s goin’ on.” Nothin’ is goin’ on. I didn’t know whether to buy more of that weed, Or never smoke it again. I went with… “a.”", "I got ", "busted with weed", " in Florida last year. Less than a gram of weed, And they took my happy ass to jail. I been partyin’ in Florida for years. I didn’t even know they had laws. Looked to me like everybody just run amuck down there. I’ll run amuck with you. I’ll run the fuck out of amuck with you. They took me to jail, man. I tell you what happened. I fired these two pilots for bein’ dickheads, And they were such dickheads, They started followin’ my plane around On a software called flight aware, And if you know the tail number, You can follow any plane in the world anywhere it goes. Right before i’d land in a town, They’d call the cops, tell ’em it was a drug plane, So the cops would come fuck with me. That’s pretty fuckin’ funny. Then they were on the news in Atlanta where i live, Both of these assholes, live on the news goin’, “Ron White is out of control. “He gets drunk on his plane, he smokes pot on his plane, He has sex on his plane.” I’m, like, this is my plane we’re talkin’ about, right? It’s not like i did that shit on a delta flight, For fuck’s sake. No, my phone’s off. My wife got pissed at me When i got busted with that weed, And she smokes pot. What the fuck is up with that? I come home, she goes, “You smoke too much pot.” I said, oh, let me get this straight. You smoke the correct amount of pot. You ever smoke so much pot, your wife starts to make sense? Me either.", "I have this recurring dream that my wife gets ", "run over by a bus", ". Does that make me a bad person? I’m drivin’ the bus. Aaahhh! She’s had enough.", "Early last year in Florida, at sea world in Florida, an animal trainer was killed by a ", "killer whale", ". Huh. Turns out there’s a reason they didn’t name ’em ocean ponies. Some things are exactly as they seem, folks. Killer whales kill. Pilot whales wear dark sunglasses. I’m not sure how the sperm whale got his name, but I’m not gettin’ in the pool. That whale got his job back. They put that whale back in the show. When I first saw it on the internet, I thought this’ll be world news. Wasn’t even news at all. They put the whale back. This whale killed three people. This is a serial killer whale. And he got his job back? If that would’ve happened at sea world in Texas, that whale would’ve gone straight to the fuckin’ electric pool. And that’s just a regular pool with a toaster thrown in it. People think they’re expensive to make, but it’s, like 14 bucks. You can reuse the extension cord. People don’t know that. Get another toaster.", "\nThey busted a sushi restaurant last year in L.A., ", "sellin’ whale", ", and they fined ’em 200,000 bucks. That is so fuckin’ wrong, man, To take a 50,000-pound majestic animal, And serve it up two tiny slices at a time. Oh, that’s good. Got any more? “Shit, yeah, we do.” “We have a shit ‘road.'” “We make a big commitment. I don’t know how it got caught.” Maybe that 14-foot fin hangin’ out of the dumpster. “I shoulda crosed the rid.” Yeah. Probably should’ve crosed the rid.", "I live in Atlanta half the year, and last summer in Atlanta, an idiot teenager was decapitated at a major amusement park in Atlanta on a very famous ", "roller coaster", ". What I thought happened was he was on the ride, stood up and got his head cut off. That’s not what happened. What happened was, while he was on the ride, his hat flew off. When he got off the ride, he climbed over two fences, and went through two gates tellin’ him not to, to retrieve his hat, which it turns out, he didn’t really need, after all. Why, that story’s drippin’ with irony, mr. White. The part of the show where I prove my job is better than yours.", "Cheers. You guys are fantastic. Thank you so much for comin’ out on a Saturday and listening. I was at home last week, And my nephew called our house, and I never answer the phone at my house ever. I think he was surprised that i did. I answer the phone, he goes, uncle Ron, is that you? I said, yeah, it’s me. He goes, uncle Ron, Did you know ", "it’s okay to be gay", "? This is why I don’t answer the fuckin’ phone in my house right there. Now it’s my problem. I’m, like, well, you’re right. It is okay to be gay. Do you know what gay means? He goes, that’s where a man likes a man, or a woman likes a woman, but they can’t have babies. Pretty close. You believe at six years old, this kid knows what gay means? I didn’t find out what gay meant till I started hitchhiking. I wrote a book, Seven silly secrets truckers just don’t want you to know.", "My wife and I are big fans of the reality TV show on HBO called ", "Pornucopia", ": Going Down in the Valley", ". It’s a reality show about the pornography industry In the San Fernando Valley, which is where most of it’s made. And we bought the first season, ’cause it’s fuckin’ hilarious. This one episode was about guys that were straight porn stars, but were doing gay porn ’cause it pays five times the money, And they’re interviewing this guy, and he goes, “Yeah, I was in a scene yesterday with five guys at the same time, and I’m not even gay.” I was, like, you’re gayer than I am. If you can even think of what to do with five dicks at the same time, you’re way fuckin’ gayer than I am.", "This is ", "the gay part of my show", ". I was at dinner the other night with this CBS executive who I’ve known for years. Great fuckin’ dude, man. He’s gay, and I never said a word to him about bein’ gay. I just knew that he was. We’re havin’ dinner in Beverly Hills, and talkin’ about a potential show, And this chick walks into the restaurant, This L.A. Smokin’ fuckin’ hot, man, Probably an actress or a model. She was a milf, which means, I don’t care if she has children. I don’t think the letters line up, But that’s what it means. She sits at a table kinda near us by herself, And I’d had a couple of bottles of wine with dinner, And a couple of scotches before that, And i was pretty drunk. I said, you mean to tell me that that does nothing for you? And he looked at her and he goes, “Not a thing.” I said, you mean, You would rather have sex with me than her? “Not by much.” What if i lost some weight? I’m doin’ yoga. And I’m eatin’ ham-Free carrot cake. My dick has ears. That’s my favorite thing about L.A. Is the people out there are just so goddamn pretty, man. I’ll tell you how it happened. Back in the’20s, they started makin’ movies out there, And when they did, all these beautiful people From all over america flocked the fuck out there To be in the movies. They couldn’t all be in the movies. Some of ’em got regular jobs, But they met those people that were in the movies. They got together, they had these beautiful babies, And those babies grew up and met other babies From the same area, they got together, And had even more beautiful babies. And almost the exact opposite thing Is happenin’ right now in Kansas. Kansas is full of ugly quitters. Have you ever been there? It’s true. Those people that live on the fuckin’ west coast, Their forefathers got on the Oregon trail, And fought hardships you and i can’t even dream of, With starvation and weather and crossin’ the rocky mountains. Not those people in Kansas. Their forefathers got on the Oregon trail, St. Louis, Missouri. They got to Kansas, said, fuck it, I’m stayin’ here, And I’m gonna fuck that fat girl right over there. “We had a baby. It looks like a potato.” And that potato grew up and met another potato From the same town. Abracadabra… topeka! My wife came home with a story the other day. She goes, “i was in the produce department today, And this guy told me i was beautiful.” Well, baby, he’s right. You are beautiful. “Yeah, but he said it.” Well, I’m sayin’ it now. You’re beautiful. “Yeah, but he said it.” Really? You ever overdraw his checkin’ account? You ever drive his brand-new Mercedes straight through the fuckin’ garage door? Has that ever happened to that guy? It happened to me, and i think you’re so hot, I’d fuck you anyway. And if you’re one of these guys goin’ around in grocery stores tellin’ married women they’re beautiful, Hey, fuck you. Kill your own chicken, you mother… My wife’s best friend has an autistic child named Louis. Louis is 12 years old. He is the sweetest child i have ever known. I’ve known him since he was six. We were at their house labor day, And Louis informed me that he was gonna run the 40-Yard dash for the special Olympics at Gwinnett high school near where I live in Atlanta, And he asked me if I’d come root for him. And i said, louis, I’d love to come root for you. I just need to check my schedule. And he goes, “we checked it, you’re clear.” Well, then, I’m your man, Louis. And i got to admit, I was dreadin’ it, Then i ended up havin’ fun. I thought it was gonna be sad. That’s why I was dreadin’ it. It’s a celebration is what it is. People were tailgatin’. They’re not paintin’ their faces and bellies blue, But they’re cookin’ sausages, gettin’ hammered, bettin’ on these races. Make no mistake about it. They are bettin’ on these races. And it’s not easy to handicap a race. You got 17 special needs kids in six lanes, You don’t know what the fuck’s gonna happen When they fire that startin’ pistol. They could scatter. Stop, drop and roll. We saw it all that day. They’re not drug testin’ these kids. And they announced the 40-Yard dash, And i was makin’ a little wager On my man Louis, which i did for 100 bucks. I was lookin’ down at the track. I’m up in the stands, and I’m tryin’ to figure out Which one’s Louis, which isn’t easy, ‘Cause they all wear the exact same thing. They wear special Olympics t-Shirts, Special Olympics shorts, which they got that day. But you can wear whatever footwear you want, And Louis, for whatever reason, They had chosen yellow rubber boots. Which didn’t make sense at first, And then, it started rainin’. Fuck, if this thing goes off-Road… I got a natural mudder. And Louis won. The yellow blur. That’s what i call him now, the yellow blur. He loves that nickname. His mother called me the other day. She goes, “would you please call Louis the yellow blur?” Put him on the phone. You’re the yellow blur. Bing! It’s not like professional sports. You go to a Lakers game, you wave at Kobe Bryant till your arm falls off, He won’t wave back to you. Louis waved back to you in the middle of the fuckin’ race. He doesn’t give a shit. Louis is fan friendly. Louis’ll stop and sign an autograph. The yellow blur. I took my son tater tot to Europe this summer. My son is 21 years old now. He’s in college. He’s gettin’ his master’s in entertainment business. He’s a great kid. I’m so proud of him. He’s smart, he’s funny. He has my brains, high-End peaks, Without my low-End problems. That’s some good goddamn news for dad to hear. We’ve been monitorin’ it. He’s funny. I was doin’ a corporate gig in Orlando where he goes to college, and i was backstage with him. I don’t get asked to do a ton of corporate gigs, ‘Cause what do you want your corporate image to be? We were hopin’ for an overweigh alcoholic That smokes and cusses. Let’s call Louis, see if Ron’s free. Anyway, I’m backstage in the green room with my son, And i wear wild socks. And because i do, people give me bizarre socks, For whatever reason. I’m backstage with my son, I’m puttin’ on these weird socks, And marshall goes, “uh, dad, uh… Those socks are gay.” I said, chicks dig these socks. He goes, “chicks wear those socks.” All right, he’s my kid. You can stop those tests. I love his mom, man. His mom’s great. She’s my second wife. I never argued with her ever. She didn’t wanna be married to somebody That was always gonna be on the road. The only argument i ever remember havin’ with her Was when he was a toddler, About whether or not we should spank him. Her contention was that if you had an argument With an adult, and you disagreed with him, You certainly wouldn’t hit him. I said, i would if they peed in my face. I’m not kiddin’. Pee in my face, See what the fuck happens. She busted him with internet porn when he was 15, And i felt so sorry for him. She called me, just squawkin’. And i felt horrible for the kid, ‘Cause when i was 15, i was so horny, I could jack off to the sears catalog, And that’s just big-Girl panties and lawn mowers. I can’t imagine bein’ 15 years old, And havin’ an unstoppable stream of pornography Piped straight into your goddamn bedroom. When i was a kid, i had to earn porn, man. You had to wait till your friend’s dad Went out of town on business, You had to pull down a rickety spring-Loaded attic ladder, You had to crawl up into a dusty, spider-ridden fuckin’ crawlspace, Forage through cardboard boxes Till you find an eight-Millimeter reel, Then what? Learn how to work a fuckin’ projector, that’s what! And after all that, You got silent, bushy porn. And if there was a soundtrack, It was always so fucked up, you couldn’t understand it. “He gonna stick his finger in her ear?” “No, his penis in her rear. Watch the movie.” We had one friend that was two years younger than us, And he went, “she put it in her mouth!” “I didn’t know she was gonna put it in her mouth!” “She’s gonna need to brush her teeth.” Not yet, but she will. Watch the film. Note to self: put it in her mouth. So Laurie told me, that’s my ex-Wife’s name. She goes, “you’re gonna need to talk to your son about sex. It’s time.” I said, you’re right, it is. She goes, “when are you gonna do it, Ron?” I said, he’s gonna be at the house this weekend, So i’ll talk to him then. And she said, “okay, fine.” I said, marshall, turn off the television. Turn it off. I need to talk to you. I said, i wanna talk to you about sex. “Oh, dad, come on.” Nope, you’re 15 years old, it’s time we had this talk. He goes, okay. I said, the clitoris is as sensitive as an eyeball. “Is that it?” That’s all i got. Don’t go rubbin’ on it if it’s dry. Turn that TV back on, boy. “What about safe sex, dad?” Yeah, it’s never safe, their husbands always come home. That’s a fuckin’ myth. He’s so smart, man. I just can’t believe how smart kids are today. He can answer any question that you can come up with In two seconds, off his phone. He’s a computer freak anyway, but you ask any question, Doesn’t matter… World geography, world history, A note in a song written 300 years ago. There it is. When i was a kid, i had to believe my mother. That’s it, that’s all i had. Mommy, where do rainbows come from? “Well, 3,000 years ago, “An 800-year-old man named Noah “Was commissioned by the lord to build a giant ship, And all the animals, two by two.” You try to run that crap by a kid today. They’re, like, click, click. Bullshit. Click, click. Porn. People fuckin’ on my phone. If my mother didn’t know the answer to a question, I had to go to the library, Which is a building. Where they used to store the knowledge. Now it’s just a place where homeless people piss. My mother used to drop me off at the library when i was a kid, And i was always so intimidated by it, ‘Cause it was so big, And you had to be quiet, ‘Cause the knowledge is sleeping. You had to learn a decimal system Made up by some fuck named Dewey. Then you had to peruse a 100,000-Square-Foot building With volumes of knowledge from floor to ceiling, Ceiling to floor. You had to cross-Reference Dewey’s bullshit With the author’s name and the card catalog. And you finally get to the place Where the knowledge you seek is supposed to be, And it might not fuckin’ be there. “Where’s the knowledge that i seek?” “Yeah, somebody else has got it.” “When are they gonna bring it back?” “They keep it for a month for a nickel.” “How am I supposed to learn what i need to know?” “You asked your mother?” “My mother doesn’t know how to work a projector. She’s in dental school, for fuck sake.” Don’t try to do the math on that bit. It’ll just fuck you up. A guy actually stopped my show a few weeks ago, And he goes, wait a minute now. If this summer, you were back in Las Vegas, that’s when you broke your tooth. That’s when your mother went to dental school. And now, you’re seven years old, You’re saying your mother… I’m, like… Dude, really? You had no problem with pearl jumpin’ on my stomach, And sayin’ she could have all my babies at the same time. But the math on this one joke has got you so fucked up, you just have to talk.", "Tell you, the internet changed everything, And it certainly changed the way ", "people don’t buy music", ". The record industry is on its ear, man, Because what they manufacture became easier to steal Than it is to buy, And that’s just a fact of nature these days. They’ll figure it out, But i used to sell millions of comedy albums, And now, it’s hard to sell ’em, ‘Cause it’s just so easy to fuckin’ rip it off. Just click, click, outta my I.R.A., into your i-Fuckin’-Pod. When i was a kid, you had to get a ride to sears, Which is a building. You had to find the record department on your own, then you had to cram a twelve-inch by twelve-inch album down your shorts then you had to spongebob squarepants it with Led Zeppelin II crammed down your fuckin’ pants, hopin’ nobody was gonna catch your ass. That’s stealin’ music! We didn’t have viagra. You had to like somebody to fuck ’em. I’m kiddin’. You didn’t either. You didn’t either. Grudge-Fuck the hell outta them. We didn’t have blue mountains on our beer cans To tell you if they were cold. You had to open the refrigerator, Reach in there and touch that beer can, Or you’d never know. But somebody, somewhere went, “If we only had some sort of thermostat “On each individual can, “Like the mountains changing color, To see the optimum drinking temperature.” Thank you, rocky mountain. Even though your beer tastes like ass. Those mountains should turn brown. So i tour, that’s what i do. I go from city to city to city to city. I’ve done it for 27 years. I’ve been comin’ to Austin all 27 of those years, from the Velveeta room to the laff stop, to the capitol city comedy club, to the paramount, to the paramount, to the paramount, to the paramount. It’s my favorite room in the whole wide fuckin’ world.", "I tour with my wife usually, And I love to tour with my wife, because I only have sex with my wife. I don’t have sex with other women. I been married three times, and that has not always been my policy. When I was young, I used to talk to my cousins about this race we were gonna have to see ", "who gets married first", ". I came in second, fourth and seventh.", "I feel like my wife misled me a little bit when we first got together, because when we first got together, she was all about, you know what? I don’t ever wanna have children. I’m just one of those women that never felt the urge to give birth. And I don’t like real diamonds. I don’t like ’em ’cause of that blood diamond thing. You know what I like to do? ", "Suck dick and cook", ". I like to suck dick, and I like to cook. In fact, when I’m not cookin’, I’m suckin’ dick, and when I’m not suckin’ dick, I’m cookin’. In fact, if there was a way I could suck your dick while I was cookin’, if we got a stool, and you stood on it, and I could blow you while I’m scramblin’ some eggs, wearin’ fake jewelry, not havin’ a baby, all at the same time… That would be heaven for me. Fuck! Me, too. Cut to five years later. She’s on the phone with China tryin’ to adopt a baby, she got a diamond on her finger looks like a solar fuckin’ heating unit, I’m jackin’ off, eatin’ a TV dinner. Wonder what she’s got on under that snuggie. I’ll bet she’s naked as shit under that snuggie. We have a great sex life. You ever 69 someone so long, you start to miss each other? Then the snow turned to rain. I love you. April, may. I need some food. And we could both use a shave. We did it one time so long, it turned into another number. What is this, a 71? You have your toe in my nose. What the fuck? My wife has a new move in the bedroom.", "\nMy wife’s new move in the bedroom is… ", "look at me", ". Look at me. Open your eyes, Ron. Look at me. And that’s a lot of pressure. It is. To look into the eyes of the woman you love while you’re makin’ love, and look deep into her soul, and still see another woman. What the fuck are you doin’ here? I thought you got hit by a bus.", "\nI’m ", "great at sex", ", I come every time. I’m, like, 4,000 in a row or some ridiculous goddamn number. Gifted, really, i guess. My wife’s maybe a third as good as me. I don’t think she’s tryin’. I asked her the other day, What’s the fuckin’ problem here, baby? She goes, well, for one thing, there’s a fat, sweaty guy layin’ on top of me. That’d break my concentration. Get off me, dude, I’m tryin’ to come. That’s not true. When I’m about to come, I have the focus of a navy seal. Afterwards, I lay there like a wounded manatee. Poke him with a stick, see if he moves. My wife gives the best head, if you ever have a chance. First time my wife gave me a blow job, my hands went numb. I’m, like, I’m either havin’ a stroke, or this girl knows her way around a weiner. And I told her when she got finished, I said, that’s the best damn blow job I ever had in my life, by a lot. She goes, I know, it’s kinda weird, ’cause I used to be not that good at it. I was talkin’ to my friend Ted the florist that lived down the street, and I just asked him how he does it. You suck my dick like Ted the florist? That motherfucker knows what he’s doin’, I’ll tell ya that. Now every time I see Ted, I’m, like, you oughta open a school, dude. Call it ", "Ted’s head", ". Two lips for every occasion. You could open a head and breakfast. Then what would my slogan be? Food. It’s the only thing that doesn’t suck.", "You guys have been fantastic. I’m gonna close with… So nobody’s watchin’ the dogs, I guess. I’ll try to get pearl to play bite my face. Pearl’s favorite thing. She can have all my babies at the same time. Her favorite thing in the world is for me to bite her face, ’cause she’s like a billy goat, fuckin’ elbow or whatever, it has no feeling in it. So if I lay down on the floor, sometimes… she didn’t do it last show, so you have to be quiet. If I tell her to bite my face, she’ll run and jump up, and land her mouth right on my face, so I’ll bite it, so, sh, sh. Let’s try it. Well, that went way better than I thought it would.", "Now I’m gonna close the show this evening with my ", "Dr. Phil story", ". Dr. Phil McGraw is a friend of mine. We play golf together all the time In Los Angeles, and he’s a great guy. You never know… we became friends From him bein’ a fan. And you never know, if you see somebody on TV, what they’re gonna be like in person. Doc’s a solid fuckin’ dude. I guarantee that. He’s straight as he can be, but he’s a great fuckin’ hang, and he’s a great asset for me. My father passed away when I was young, and now, I’m in this big business world, and I can bounce all these things that I have goin’ on off of doc and his 35 lawyers. And that’s a big deal for me. I’m really good friends with his son, Jay McGraw. And, uh, anyway, the other day, I was talkin’ to my son about self-esteem, and a few days later, I was playin’ golf with doc, and I said, doc, if you were gonna tell somebody one thing to do to make themselves feel better about who they are, what would it be? He said, finish the things you start. I said, that’s brilliant. And I went home, and there was a half a bottle of scotch sittin’ on the counter. I think I know what he’s gettin’ at.", "\nThat’s not my Dr. Phil story. Here’s my Dr. Phil story. Every year, doc and his family rent a yacht for 12 days in the Mediterranean, and that’s their vacation. It’s the only way he can get away. ‘Cause he is the most famous person in America. He’s the most recognizable face, 6’4″, bald dome head, porn mustache. You can spot him from any fuckin’ where. And because he seems so approachable on television, and he really is approachable, I mean, a sweetheart of a dude, but people are always… Anytime he goes out in public, “Oh, what about this…” and that’s fine at first, but eventually, it will eat the skin off your fuckin’ bones If you can’t walk out of your house Without somebody goin’, “Hey, my brother-In-Law is all fucked up… “Come back here. Asshole!” And that’s exactly how it happens. I’ve seen it. So that’s what they do. Well, last… this summer, My wife and i went on vacation to france and monaco, And i need a break, too, sometimes. I do 140 cities a year. I do more dates than any other comic… More cities than any other comic workin’ today, ‘Cause i just love fuckin’ doin’ it, And 20 minutes from now, Nobody’s gonna give a fuck about what i have to say. While they do, i believe i’ll do a lot of shows. Hey. So we’re in france and monaco, And havin’ a great time. We’re just… I’m really in love with my wife. She’s so much fun, so talented. We have a fun life together. And we’re there, and one day, the phone rings, And it’s doc, and he goes, Aren’t you guys in monaco? And i said yeah. He goes, we’re gonna be in monaco tomorrow. Why don’t you come party on the yacht? I said, fuck, yeah. Which is what you say if somebody says, You wanna come party on the yacht? You go, fuck, yeah. In fact, let’s try it one time. You wanna come party on the yacht? Audience: fuck, yeah! I don’t have a yacht. So i was, like, yeah, fuck, this is great. We’re excited. We were down there, stayin’ at the fairmont hotel, Overlookin’ the little yacht harbor in monaco. Very cool place. We were down there lookin’ at the yachts the day before, Goin’, wouldn’t it be cool if you knew somebody That had one of these things? You could just hop on it and fuckin’ throw the fuck down. And it’s everybody’s yacht, man. This is yacht heaven. This is steve wynn’s yacht. Prince albert of monaco’s yacht. This is that russian dude with the tiny giraffes. Anyway, they’re comin’ in at 6:30 the next evening, So the next morning, we wake up… The next afternoon, we wake up. We go have this amazing lunch, We’re drinkin’ this fuckin’ great wine From france probably. That’d be my guess. If i had to guess, And i did… Have to guess. France. And we’re just havin’ a great, great day. Sex and just a fuckin’… And then, we go down to the fuckin’ harbor That evening, 6:30, sure enough, Doc’s backin’ in a 165-Foot yacht. I’m not sure that’s how they do it. So the only way to get on the yacht Is to walk on this gangplank to get on the yacht, And I’m walkin’ on the gangplank goin’, Nobody’s stoppin’ me. We get on the yacht, and there’s our friends from california, Halfway around the world. Are you fuckin’ kiddin’ me? How much fun are we havin’? I’m huggin’ everybody. There’s a bunch of people on the yacht. Any time I’m huggin’ you, and I’m in a strange place, What I’m really doin’ is lookin’ over your shoulder, tryin’ to find a bar. That’s why I’m turning you. And i see the bar, And right in the dead front center of the bar Is a bottle of famous black grouse, Which is a scotch i started drinkin’ When I was in Scotland For the open championship in turnberry. And you start lookin’ at what the scots drink, And that’s what they drink. I’m, like, oh, fuck, yes. And they have a bottle of it. It’s kinda hard to find. And the bartender poured me a big old glass of whiskey, Way bigger than this one. And I’m in such a great mood, It tasted better than i ever tasted any fuckin’ scotch ever. I’m, like, oh, good lord. That tastes like butter honey Aged in lindsay lohan’s pussy. It tasted so good, i decided to skip dinner, And just have a couple more of ’em. Scare me up another one of these. How about one more? All right. I hadn’t had a drink since lunch. I was thirsty. I was goin’ at it, you know. And doc noticed i was really drinkin’ hard, And he goes, you’re really drinkin’ tonight, Ron. I said, yeah, doc, some nights, It just tastes like spring water. He goes, why don’t you just drink spring water, ron? I don’t know. I’m not a fuckin’ doctor. So this is goin’ on for fuckin’ hours. Now they really love Margo. They really love my wife Margo. Margo’s sung on dr. Phil’s show a few times, And they go everywhere to see her. And margo’s a four-And-A-Half octave Classically trained opera singer That sings rock and roll and jazz and whatever. She’s been singin’ here for years. And robin mcgraw loves to goad my wife into singin’, And my wife loves to be goaded into singin’, So they make a great little fuckin’ team. So we’re on the back of this yacht, And Robin goes, come on, margo, sing for us. And margo gets up. There’s people in the back, partyin’ on all these yachts. Bars on the pier, people out there. And margo gets up and she sings, And they love jazz in france and monaco. They have jazz clubs all over the place. And she gets up and she sings a jazz standard In full voice, Which i don’t get to hear her sing in full voice. She sings around the house, but not at full voice. When she sings in full voice, It makes me cry. Oh, no. And she finishes the first song at full voice, And people stand up on the back of all these yachts, And start cheerin’. They’re, yeah! I’m, like, how cool is this, man? They really dig jazz. I forgot how much they dig jazz. She gets up and sings another song, Fuckin’ screamin’. People are gatherin’ up around the back of the boat. By song four, there’s 400 people Behind the boat, listenin’ to her sing. You could hear a pin drop. Just like this… pin drop. And she’s just killin’ it. And i have a little secret. I am fuckin’ hammered, man. I am so drunk. I can’t even believe it my fuckin’ self, How drunk i am. I’m, like, jesus christ. I’d get a drink, And i’d take one little sip out of it, Then talk to somebody, i look back and it’s empty. Anybody else drinkin’ out of this glass? Miscalculations. Anyway, she does seven or eight songs, And she goes, okay, guys, that’s enough. And she sits down, and doc goes, Well, ron, you wanna do somethin’? Now i gotta preface this with, He’s on vacation with his best friend And head lawyer and his wife mary pat, And they’re baptists from dallas, And they’re a little fuckin’ straight. And they’re about to find out my secret. About 20 years ago, I was doin’ a bit that was so vile, That i only did it for about a week, and i just quit doin’ it. This is not the direction i wanna take my crowd For my show. I have no idea why i picked that night To dust her off and take her for a spin. The other day, i was tit-Fuckin’ mamie eisenhower. Right before i came, my dick slipped And went straight down her tracheal tube. Here’s the moral question: Do you pull out… Or dump a load into her lungs? Yachts are pullin’ up anchor on both sides of us, As fast as they can pull ’em up. They’re leavin’ the harbor so fast, There’s a surfable wake. There’s a stampede of tiny giraffes Divin’ off the pier, Swimmin’ towards the ocean and certain death. People are pullin’ their kids off the pier. I went, i don’t think they heard me. I’m gonna do it again. Doc goes, that’s enough out of you, ron. And margo’s tappin’ me out. You ever been tapped out? Come on, baby, it’s time to go. She’s seen it. Come on, honey, let’s just go back to the hotel. It’s time for us to go. Come on, baby. Baby, let’s just go back to the hotel. Come on now, ron. And i speak fluent drunk. That means, i don’t know why you wanna leave. I’m having a perfectly good time. Turns out there was a consensus. Okay, i’ll leave. The only way to get off the ship Is to walk back off that gangplank, And at the end of the gangplank, There’s an 18-Inch drop-Off. And my wife’s in front of me, margo’s in front of me. I get to the end of the gangplank, Doc goes, big step, ron. I said, thanks, doc, Thinkin’ i’d made a big step towards something, i don’t know. He’s the big psychologist, not me. It’s amazing how much speed you can pick up In 18 inches. It’s nothin’ like falling over on the same level That you’re already on. I slammed down to that fuckin’ pier. I landed square on this elbow, Dislocated this shoulder, Put a four-Inch gash down the back of my arm, And i was so drunk, I just bounced off that pier. Fade to black. I wake up the next morning with the shoe buddies. All i can do is lay there in bed and go, Shoe buddy. I can’t move my shoulder. Shoe buddy. My shirt’s stuck to my arm with blood And giraffe hair, And whatever the fuck else you’d find on a pier. Shoe buddy. I have a wet jolly rancher in my armpit. Sour apple. Had to cut it out with a pair of scissors. You almost can’t eat ’em after that. Shoe buddy. I slowly opened my achin’ fuckin’ eyes, And there’s margo. What happened? You got really drunk last night, ron. What’d i do? Well, you did the tit-Fuckin’ mamie eisenhower story. Did mary pat laugh? Mary pat left, is what mary pat did. Shoe buddy. You think they’re gonna invite us back over To party on the yacht today? I don’t know what’s gonna happen now, ron. I don’t know. Walks out of the room, slams the door. I just started beratin’ myself. I’m, like, why you do that, ron? Why do you get so drunk And screw things up for other people? Why can’t you drink like a regular goddamn person? Is that too much to ask? You have a wonderful son and a beautiful wife, a great career. Why don’t you make some changes in your life That will make a difference in the long run, And about then, the phone rang, and it was doc. He goes, you guys gonna come party on the yacht? I said, fuck, yeah! Thanks for playin’ along. I’ve never performed for a better crowd In my goddamn life. Bless your hearts for listening so intently. Thank you."], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2018/06/22/ron-white-a-little-unprofessional-transcript/"}
{"title": "ANTHONY JESELNIK: CALIGULA (2013) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "August 3rd, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["Anthony Jeselnik", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["Anthony Jeselnik. -MAN: Anthony. -WOMAN: Anthony. -MAN: Anthony. -WOMAN: Jeselnik. Jeselnik! Anthony Jeselnik. WOMEN: Anthony Jeselnik! WOMAN: Anthony Jeselnik. -Anthony Jeselnik. -MAN: Anthony Jeselnik. Anthony Jeselnik. Anthony Jeselnik! [ Cheers and applause ] I know, right? [ Laughter ] Thank you, guys. So great to be here in Chicago. I love this city. I like Chicago. Like, I respect Chicago. You know what I mean? Like, if I smoke a cigarette here in Chicago, I’m very polite, and I’ll put it out in an ashtray or a garbage can. If I was back in L.A., I would do what I would normally do and just… [ Laughter ] …flick it at a kid. [ Laughter ]", "I really do love this town. I actually once went on ", "a date with a girl from Chicago", ". Now, this was like 10 years ago, back before I was even a comedian yet. Back then I was just a regular old piece of shit like you guys. [ Laughter ] But I’ll never forget this date, you know? We meet up at a bar. We start drinking, we start talking. We’re laughing together, we’re connecting. It was great. But then we leave the bar, we go back to her place. And as soon as we walk in the front door, she passes out cold on her couch. Now, I went to college. [ Laughter ] I knew I had a million options. [ Laughter ] But I’m a gentleman, so I did the smart thing. I just got a blanket, I tucked her in, and I left her a note that said, “You got raped.” [ Laughter ] Thank you. [ Laughter ] I feel like it’s very important, very important to open up my show with a rape joke. [ Laughter ] Just to see what kind of crowd I’m dealing with here. You guys are gonna be great. [ Laughter ] But if you were upset or you were offended in any way, please don’t worry. I’ve only got two more rape jokes… [ Laughter ] …and I’ll wait about 15 minutes. But don’t think I’m a bad person for making that joke.", "Don’t think I’m a bad guy for saying that. I’m a good guy. Like, ", "I would never hit a woman", ", you know? I would never hit a woman, even if she had a knife or… a stutter. [ Laughter ] It’s not how I do business. In fact, I might be one of the greatest guys of all time. Like, I’ve got a kid in Africa. Yeah, I’ve got a kid in Africa that I feed, that I clothe, that I school, that I inoculate for 75 cents a day. Which is practically nothing, you know, compared to what it cost to send him there. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] You guys are — You guys are doing great so far. I love performing in Chicago. The only weird thing about performing in Chicago, for me, is that, after all my shows, everybody just wants to do drugs with me. [ Laughter ] Like, “Anthony, that was hilarious. I got a joint on me. Let’s go smoke it.” “Hey, Jeselnik, amazing job, as usual.” [ Laughter ] “I’ve got mushrooms in my backpack. Let’s eat ’em.” And I’ve got to keep telling them the same thing I’m gonna tell you guys right now. “Hey, assholes… …I’m fucking famous. [ Laughter ] Give it to me.” [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] I think my friend Jeff is gay. I don’t know. I’m so bad with names. [ Laughter ] It’s tough. Smart crowd. When I was a kid, my friends and I got arrested for vandalizing a graveyard. $10,000 in damages. But we had a great lawyer who knocked it down to criminal trespassing and necrophilia. [ Laughter ] I make a lot of jokes about death. I think it’s hilarious. [ Laughter ] My whole family’s like that, actually, you know? [ Siren wails ] This is how hard I’m fucking killing. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] My whole family’s like that, kind of, you know? In fact, well before I was even born, my great-grandmother threw herself in front of a bus. Police tried to say she was committing suicide, but the family knew that she was just trying to stop civil rights. [ Laughter and applause ] Yesterday I accidentally hit a little kid with my car. It wasn’t serious, you know? Nobody saw me. [ Laughter ] My little sister had a baby recently. A little newborn. Kid is so cute. But she won’t let me hold him. She refuses. Says, “No way, Anthony. I’m afraid you’re gonna drop him.” Like I’m some kind of idiot. Like I don’t have a million other ways to hurt that baby. [ Laughter ] I will get it done. [ Laughter ] And people get weird when kids die. [ Laughter ] No, that’s a fact. That’s a fact. Like, about a month ago, some kids in my neighborhood were playing hide-and-go-seek, and one of them ended up in an abandoned refrigerator. It’s all anybody talked about for weeks. I said, “Who cares? How many kids you know get to die a winner?” [ Laughter and applause ]", "I assume you guys all knew who you were coming to see tonight. But if you didn’t, you sure as shit know now. [ Laughter ] Like, one thing I’ve never understood is, like, the ", "foot fetish", ". Like, are you guys together right here? Yeah? How long you guys been together? -WOMAN: Five years. -Five years. Wow. Do you ever suck on her feet? No? Would you if you had a different girlfriend? [ Laughter ] Or are you, like, across-the-board no feet? -I don’t really mind it. -You don’t really mind it? You just don’t do it to her because you have mistresses. I get it. ‘Cause I’m across-the-board no feet. I once went on a date with a girl where we went hiking. Her idea. And while we’re hiking, she gets bit by a snake in between two toes. And I had to suck out the poison. So she’s dead.", "-What’s your name? -Bridget. -Where are you from, Bridget? -The suburbs. -The suburbs? -Yes, that’s right. That sure narrows it down. [ Laughter ] -What — What do you do? -WOMAN: What? What do you do when you’re not being so fucking boring? [ Laughter ] Take your time. I’m really funny. [ Laughter ] I’m a full-time student. You’re a full-time student. Okay, what do you study? -WOMAN: Psychology. -Psychology. -Where do you go to school? -Rockford College. Rockford College? So you’re not gonna be a good psychologist. Last question, darling. Have you ever been on a blind date before? -You ever do that? -No. No? You’re lucky. I went on a blind date once, just once, and I will never do it again. It was the biggest disaster of all time. She ended up being a burn victim… [ Laughter ] …by the end of the night. I mean, it was, like, the worst… -[ Laughter ] -It was brutal.", "I’ve spent the past two years looking for my ", "ex-girlfriend", "‘s killer. But no one will do it. [ Laughter ] My ex-girlfriend owned a parakeet. Did you guys hear what I just said? [ Laughter ] She owned a parakeet. Oh, my God. That fucking thing never shut up. But the bird was cool. [ Laughter and applause ]", "\nMy ex-girlfriend had a lot of, like, really annoying habits. I think the worst was that she loved to read women’s magazines, like Cosmo or, uh… or things like Cosmo. And she would flip straight to the ", "relationship quiz", ". And not only would she present that to me as if it was, like, a fun activity for us to do together — even though every question is designed to fuck my entire world up. But even worse is she would get mad at my answers and make me change them so we’d get the best score. Like, I’ll never forget the last time we played that game. She was like, “Anthony, if you could have lunch with anyone in the world, living or dead, who would it be?” And I said, “I don’t know. Caligula.” [ Laughter ] And she goes, “Really? Caligula? That’s your answer? That’s what you’re gonna say to me, your girlfriend? Are you sure?” I said, “Oh, I’m sorry, baby. Let me change that. I’d have lunch with you. And you’d be dead.” [ Laughter ]", "\nYeah, we’re not together anymore. She’s got a ", "new boyfriend", " now. They just moved in together. And I’ve heard rumors that he’s abusive, which makes me want to go over there with a baseball bat and then blame it on her boyfriend. [ Laughter ] But I don’t want to sound like a misogynist up here.", "\nMy ex-girlfriend wasn’t, like, a bad person, really. She wasn’t a bad girl at all. But ", "she was terrible in bed", ". Terrible in bed. I mean, she would just lie there, screaming, “No!” [ Laughter ] That was rape joke number two, baby doll. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] Yeah, clap it up.", "My girlfriend", " now is great. My girlfriend now is almost perfect. And she hates that I tell rape jokes. Hates it. Says, “Anthony, how can you make light of something as terrible as rape after I told you that I got raped in high school?” And I said, “Baby, because I don’t believe you.” [ Laughter ] The point is, my girlfriend is very sensitive, all right? Like, the other day, she got her hair cut. Two inches trimmed off of her hair. Then she came home and cried about that for two hours. Over a haircut. I couldn’t believe it. Finally, I went to her. I said, “Baby, what are you so upset about? It’s just a haircut. I’m the one that’s got to find a new girlfriend.” [ Laughter ] Yeah, she got mad. She got really mad at me. She got really mad at me a couple months ago because she had e-mailed me a naked picture of herself, you know, which is a nice thing to do. But then I screwed up and I accidentally forwarded that e-mail to everyone. [ Laughter ] Now, my girlfriend is furious, mortified, disgusted with me over this. But now I don’t even care about her anymore. ‘Cause now I’ve got to call up my mother on the phone and say, “Mom, I am so sorry about that. That picture, that e-mail… was just for Dad.” [ Laughter ]", "\nMy girlfriend and I argue a lot. It’s mostly her arguing with me kind of thing. Like, I should just keep my mouth shut. Every fight we get into is my fault. I should just keep my mouth shut, but I can’t because I’m so fucking funny. [ Laughter ] Like, a couple of nights ago, we go to a party, all right? We get trashed, completely wasted. We wake up in bed the next morning completely hung over. And I know I should just keep my mouth shut, but instead, I roll over, and I say, “Listen, baby, don’t get mad, but I think your mom tried to have sex with me last night.” And she hit the roof. She goes, “Anthony, that’s impossible.” And I said, “Oh. Well, in that case, you should always wear makeup.” [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] I love that joke so much. Here’s why. Did you guys hear, like, the sounds you made? Like that was the worst thing I’ve said tonight? I’ve told three rape jokes. [ Laughter ]", "\nI like to play ", "pranks", " on my girlfriend, you know, keep things fresh for me, make me laugh, you know? She hates it. But, like, the other night, I put Saran wrap over the toilet seat, you know, which doesn’t sound that original, but she’s bulimic. [ Laughter and applause ] I like that you laugh until I look at you, and then you stop laughing. ‘Cause you don’t want to give me the satisfaction. [ Laughter ] That’s great. You seem like a cool girl in a completely different environment. [ Laughter ]", "\nBut we’d make it work, you know? Like, how long have you guys been together right here? -MAN: Three years. -Three years, okay. What would you say is, like, the secret to a good, long relationship? ", "Communication", ". Communication. Wrong. [ Laughter ] The secret is trying new things together, especially in the bedroom. The other night, my girlfriend and I are in bed together. She says, “Anthony, I want you to pee on me.” Now, I have never thought about peeing on a woman in my entire life. Never even imagined it before. But then I got the green light. And, apparently, it’s my thing. [ Laughter ] Like, I just jumped up right away, you know? But as soon as that begins, she starts screaming at me. Like it’s my fault she talks in her sleep. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] No big deal for me.", "\n", "My girlfriend yells at me", " all the time. She yells at me all the time. And, again, I’m a gentleman. I never think it’s okay to yell back at a woman, no matter what. I mean, you saw how I handled that shit right? [ Laughter ] I never think it’s okay to yell back at a woman. But the other night, she yelled at me for so long and so loud that the cops came to the door, which is embarrassing, because now I’ve got to answer my own door and say, “Officers, I’m so sorry. There is no reason for you to be here tonight. I already tased her.”", "I’ve got this ", "friend named Kevin", ". I call him a friend. More of an acquaintance, really. One of those people who think they’re way better friends with you than they actually are. Like, the other day, Kevin says to me, “Hey, man, you know what I like to do when I’m all by myself and no one’s around?” And before I can say, “Hey, we’re not really friends”… [ Laughter ] …he says, “I like to take peanut butter and smear it all over myself and then let my dog lick it off.” I said, “Dude, you have got to get yourself a girlfriend. I’ll trade you mine for that dog.” [ Laughter ]", "You guys are fantastic. It’s great. Relax. [ Laughter ] I really love performing at this place. And, you know, it’s a great place to perform. And I would know. I perform all over the world. Clubs, theaters, colleges, festivals. ", "Colleges", " are great ’cause it’s just me talking to, like, 18- to 22-year-olds, you know, which is ideal. [ Laughter ] And they teach me things all the time, you know. Like, I was at a college recently, and they taught me the term — Have you guys ever heard the term ", "“but-her-face”", " before? You ever heard that? Yeah. It’s been around for a long time. If you haven’t heard the term, “but-her-face” is like a girl who’s got a really hot body but her face, you know? But her face is all fucked up. [ Laughter ] Now, when I heard that, I thought that was pretty mean, you know. I’ve never dated a but-her-face before. But I did once date a ", "monkeyface", ". [ Laughter ] Have you guys ever heard of that? It’s different. A monkeyface is like a girl who’s got, like, a face like a total monkey. [ Laughter ] But the rest of her isn’t that hot. [ Laughter ] Yeah, she was one in a million. I would give anything to go back and pee on her. [ Laughter ] I like telling that joke a lot ’cause people think I’m about to be racist with it. Like, “Oh, Anthony, you are racist.” Well, fuck you. I’m not racist at all. Some of my best friends are black for Halloween. [ Laughter ]", "Clubs are great. Colleges are great. Festivals, though — festivals are where it’s at. ", "Festivals", " — it’s like musicians and comedians hanging out all week. You never get to do that. I got to go to South by Southwest in Austin, Texas, last year, which is a great festival. But I didn’t realize how popular it gets. I drive into town. I’m like, “Hey, where’s my hotel room this weekend?” WOMAN: Yeah. Thank you. [ Laughter ] Thank you for backing me up there. I don’t know. I don’t know what story you think we share, but you are wrong. [ Laughter and applause ] “Yeah, I’m on the same page as this famous fucking guy who travels around the world.” We’re cool. We’re good. So, I… So, I get into town. I say, “Hey, where’s my hotel room this weekend?” And they said, “Well, where did you book your hotel room this weekend?” I said, “I didn’t.” And they said, “Yeah? Your hotel room is in your car, you fucking idiot.” [ Laughter ] It’s 2:00 in the morning. I’m trying to fall asleep in the back of my car. And I get a phone call from the festival. They say, “Anthony, good news. There’s a hotel about three miles away. They have one room that just became available. If you get there right now, right away, they will take care of you.” So I drive as fast as I can. I get there first. Guy behind the front desk says, “Yes, Mr. Jeselnik, we do have one room available. But, by law, I have to tell you that earlier this afternoon, two prostitutes overdosed in that bed.” And I said, “Well, how much more is that?” [ Laughter ] Are you still on board at this point? [ Applause ] But I don’t want to sound like I’m complaining to you guys. I don’t want to sound bitter. Being a comedian is the greatest job in the world, like, greatest job in the world. Once you get to my level. [ Laughter ] The only thing I don’t like is all the travel. I’m always flying somewhere. I’m always in an airport. Even flying into Chicago a couple days ago, two-and-a-half-hour flight delay. I’m stuck in an airport bar talking to some random asshole. And I got nowhere to go. So I’m like, “Hey, man, what do you do?” And he says, and I quote, “Oh, nothing right now. But I used to be a priest.” As in, “Oh shit,” right? But I got nowhere to go. So we keep talking, we keep drinking. Finally, two hours goes by. Guy gets up. He’s like, “Hey, man, I got to catch my flight. But I don’t want to lie to you. I used to be a priest. I got kicked out ’cause I molested a kid.” Now, here’s the thing. After talking to this guy and getting to know this guy for two hours, I have to admit, he was actually a really cool guy, if you could forget about, you know… …all that Jesus bullshit. [ Laughter and applause ] Yeah, that’s a favorite. I’m probably gonna tell it again later. But it’s not all bad news with me, you know? My grandfather turns 100 years old next month. [ Applause ] Maybe. [ Laughter ] I’m… I’m really skeptical. I don’t think I ever got over my grandmother’s death when I was a kid. My grandmother died from a heart attack during my 9th birthday party. Literally while she was eating cake. And I guess that must have screwed me up a little bit, you know? I mean, I still have birthday parties. But now I’m just careful what I wish for. [ Laughter and applause ] My dad’s been having a hard time lately. Keeps on losing his keys. Can’t hang on to a set of keys to save his life. And he has tried everything, too. Little hook next to the door. Little bowl next to his bed. One of those keychains that makes a noise when you whistle, you know. Nothing worked. So, finally, this year for his birthday, the whole family chipped in and we put him in a home. [ Laughter ] And that was not easy. Not an easy decision to make at all. My dad was an amazing man, you guys. My dad was an amazing — My dad raised five boys all by himself… …without the rest of us knowing. [ Laughter ] And, sure, my dad had his problems, you know? He had his issues. My dad was a big-time alcoholic, major-league alcoholic, black-out-every-night kind of alcoholic. But, to his credit, my dad never once laid a finger on either me or my mom, not once. And I don’t know if it was just because he loved us so much or if he just hated my sisters. -But either way… -[ Laughter ] Either way, he was a great dad. I remember a tough time for me. I was like 10 years old. My parents call me into their bedroom. They say, “Anthony, we want to get a divorce. You have to decide which one of us you want to live with.” I was a 10-year-old kid. I didn’t know any better. I just said, “Dad, Dad. I want to live with Dad.” It was heartbreaking. My mom just looked at the floor and said, “Well, whatever you want, Anthony.” And my dad just said, “I don’t want a divorce anymore.” [ Laughter ] That was tough. And maybe the most uncomfortable moment of my life was when my dad gave me the sex talk. Oh, God. The old man was into some really crazy shit. [ Laughter ] But then maybe the greatest moment of my life ever — I think this is, like, a universal things for guys — I’m 12 years old, I’m sneaking around my house, and I found my dad’s porn in the back of the attic. That was a great day. That was a game changer for me. But then the worst day of my life was the day I found my mom’s porn… …in the back of that video store. [ Laughter ] I told that joke recently on “Conan” — that’s right, “Conan”… [ Laughter ] …and immediately afterwards, my mom called me on the phone. And she said, “Anthony, what the fuck? [ Laughter ] Do you really have to make up a joke that makes me sound like I work in pornography and then say it on ‘Conan’? That’s my least favorite joke that you have.” And I just said, “Well, Mom, that’s only because you haven’t heard the other jokes I tell about you that they are not allowed to let me say on ‘Conan.'” -Per example… -[ Laughter ] My mom is crazy. People always like to joke, “Oh, my mom’s crazy.” My mom is ca-razy. Her entire house is filled with nothing but pictures of Princess Diana. And they’re all from right after the accident. [ Laughter ] And most of them she drew. Like, it’s really fucked up, you guys. [ Laughter ] My mom had one of those tiny, little dogs, those little Pomeranians. And she loved it more than any of her kids. To the point that when it finally died last year, she had it stuffed… with another Pomeranian. [ Laughter ] [ Sighs ] And my mom’s been having a hard time lately. She just found out she has to have both of her breasts removed… if she’s ever gonna be good at golf. [ Laughter ] Yeah. That cannot be easy to hear. So I went home to visit — I’m from Pittsburgh, originally — and just hang out with my mom for a little bit, you know? -[ Scattered applause ] -Yeah. Congrats. [ Laughter ] Wanted to go home and hang out with her for a little bit, you know, help her out, cheer her up. But all my mom cares about now is the lottery and me running errands for her. Like, every day. Every day, it’s, “Anthony, go play my numbers. Go play my numbers, please. I don’t want to miss out today.” Finally, after a week of this, I had to say to her, “Mom, are you out of your goddamn mind? Don’t you know you’ve got a better chance of getting struck by lightning than me doing you a favor?” [ Laughter ] Now, one thing I’ve learned in all my years of doing stand-up comedy is that people get really upset. Audiences get really upset if I ever try to tell a joke about suicide. So, because of that, here are four jokes about suicide. [ Laughter ] MAN: Ow! [ Chuckles ] That’s appropriate. [ Laughter ] I’ve got a long history of suicide in my family. The good news is, it skips a generation. So if I’m lucky, my kids will do it. [ Laughter ] I’ll never forget my sister Ashley tried to kill herself last year by throwing herself off a cliff, which is awful. I’m actually the one who found her and had to drive her to the cliff. [ Laughter ] Like I don’t have better shit to do. When I was a kid, my Uncle Tom killed himself. I remember that because the family actually tried to cover it up, make it look like he accidentally shot himself playing regular roulette. [ Laughter ] No one — No was fooled. Just didn’t work. But I think the worst for me was probably my cousin Ty, who killed himself a couple years ago. That was hard ’cause he was just, like, a little bit older than me. I would always go to him for advice. And he was great with it, too, whether I was asking about school or girls, just life in general, you know? He always said the same thing to me. He’d say, “Anthony, kill yourself.” [ Laughter ] I miss that guy. No, you guys have been a great crowd tonight. You’ve gone with me everywhere I’ve wanted you to go. But if you’ve just been sitting there this whole time, thinking, “Anthony, this is all well and good, but where are your offensive jokes? [ Laughter ] Where are your showstoppers, if you will?” Well, guys, I save those for the end. I’m gonna tell you all a series of jokes right now that are going to get increasingly more offensive. [ Cheers and applause ] I like that enthusiasm. Let’s see how far it carries. [ Laughter ] They say it’s easy — They say it’s easy to make fun of retarded people. But let me tell you guys something — It is not. You have really got to explain it to them. [ Laughter ] That was the first one. Every night, my girlfriend comes home from work, and she brings with her a houseplant. She’s like, “Anthony, I had to pick this up. We need a houseplant in our apartment.” And every night, I make her return it. I say, “No way, baby. You can’t take care of a houseplant. You couldn’t even keep your baby alive.” [ Laughter ] Right? Two for two, huh? [ Laughter and applause ] We just, uh — We just found out my little brother has a peanut allergy. A peanut allergy, which is very serious, I know. But, still, I feel like my parents are totally overreacting. They caught me eating a tiny little bag of airline peanuts, and they kicked me out of his funeral. [ Laughter ] I feel like some of you guys might be too nice to laugh at some of these jokes. And that’s okay. Not everybody has a great sense of humor. [ Laughter ] You guys would probably love my little nephew. He’s like 6 years old. So cute. I talk to him every day on the phone. He’s unbelievable. He’s got, like, the greatest imagination ever. He’s either gonna be an incredible artist someday or he really did get molested. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] I wasn’t even laughing about that one. I was thinking about what’s coming. [ Laughter ] I feel like I need to say, like, I really believe this, that being a mother seems like one of the toughest jobs in the world. Like, literally, right below comedian. [ Laughter ] So, to me, if a mother does her best, then, in my book, she’s a good mom, all right? Now, my mom did her very best. Unfortunately, she was also a terrible person. Like, my mom, for most of her life — and this is true — my mom, for most of her life, was a Holocaust denier. Does everybody know what that means? [ Laughter ] It means she couldn’t believe the Holocaust happened. It’s, like, the worst thing you can be. And it was terrible for the entire family to have to deal with until, finally, a couple years ago, we had an intervention. And we had a rabbi come into the home, had him walk her through the history of the Jewish people, and then he made her watch “Schindler’s List.” And after that, my mom did a complete 180. Now she can’t believe it only happened once. [ Laughter ] I’m glad you guys enjoyed that one. [ Laughter ] Because my mom was also really racist, too. Like, when I was a kid, my mom thought it was smart parenting, she thought it was a good idea to try to convince me that Santa Claus was black. Because then that way, when I eventually found out he didn’t exist, it wouldn’t be that big a letdown. [ Laughter ] Three more. [ Laughter ] I’m not a religious person. I would call myself an atheist. I don’t have a good story behind it. I’m just reasonable. [ Laughter ] But my girlfriend [Chuckles] My girlfriend has got, like, the greatest story behind why she’s not religious anymore. She said, when she was a kid, like 12 years old, her parents nailed a 25-pound crucifix to the wall right above her bed. And about two weeks later, in the middle of the night, the crucifix falls off the wall and leaves a two-inch gash in the back of her dad’s head. [ Laughter ] Yeah. Like, whether you laughed or not, you got to admit, that’s a fucking great story. [ Laughter ] Now, one thing that drives me crazy with my girlfriend now is that she’s got, like, a million shoes. Like, a million shoes. And she doesn’t even like to wear them. I swear she just likes stealing from the Holocaust Museum. [ Laughter ] Now, that joke, you’re either laughing or you’ve simply never been to the Holocaust Museum. [ Laughter ] You got to believe me. It’s like a Nike factory in there. [ Laughter ] But if you haven’t been, you should go. It’s important. [ Laughter ] Now, people who fly a lot the way that I do, people who fly all the time, they all say the same thing to me. They say, “Anthony, there’s nothing worse than a baby on an airplane. Nothing worse than a baby on an airplane.” But I disagree. I can give you guys four examples of when having a baby on an airplane was awesome. Although they were all on 9/11. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] Now, this is the ideal time to tell you guys that I love to meet fans after the show. I like when people come up and say, “Anthony, you’re a genius. Anthony, best show I’ve ever seen.” And that’s it. I don’t ever want to hear anything else. If you’ve got a bone to pick with me over something I’ve said tonight, instead, you should just shut the fuck up. [ Laughter ] Because, seriously, I know more about comedy than you do, and you came to see me. [ Man shouts indistinctly ] Like I said, shut the fuck up. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] But, still, even after I’ve just said all that, you still feel like you need to come up and bitch, well, then, I will be as polite as I can possibly be. However, it is ill-advised. Because you will end up as a joke in my act… [ Laughter ] …much like the blind guy who came up and complained to me in Seattle after a show. He walked up and said, “Anthony, Anthony. [ Laughter ] Why didn’t you tell any blind jokes tonight? I came here to hear blind jokes tonight.” And I said, “Well, here’s a blind joke.” [ Laughter ] Another good one for me was the lesbian in Portland who ran up after a show. And I know she was a lesbian because she ran up and yelled out, “Anthony, I’m a lesbian! And I thought you were really funny tonight, but you’re just lucky you didn’t make any lesbian jokes up there. ‘Cause I would have gotten really mad if you had made fun of any lesbians tonight.” And I wanted to say to her, “Hey, do you realize that that makes you a terrible person and that you have no sense of humor? Plus, you’re an idiot if you felt okay laughing at all the other messed-up things I joked about but you’d have gotten really upset if I’d made fun of you or something you care about.” And I was gonna say all that, but then I remembered, “Anthony, she’s a lesbian. She knows.” [ Laughter ] My second-favorite post-show interaction of all time had to be — I was in Boston a couple years ago, and a very drunk girl — they’re always very drunk — ran up to me. And she screams out, “You should never make fun of the Holocaust!” And I said, “Why?” You know, just to be a dick. [ Laughter ] And she says, “Because I lost family in the Holocaust.” And I said, “Well, you don’t look Jewish.” And she said, “Listen, asshole. There are certain lines you’re not supposed to cross, certain boundaries you’re never supposed to push.” And I said, “Hey, hey, hey. I just gave you a compliment.” [ Laughter ] But my favorite — the best, most unbeatable, never-gonna-happen-again post-show interaction of all time had to be just — just about a year ago. I was performing in Orlando, Florida, home of Casey Anthony. And this is right after the trial, like immediately after the trial. And I said, “Listen, everybody, I don’t understand what the big deal is here. Of course Casey Anthony is innocent. If she’s guilty of anything, it’s killing her baby.” [ Laughter ] Now, after the show, I’m taking pictures, signing tits — You know how it is. [ Laughter ] And a guy walks up to me, totally sober, looking very upset. And he says, “You need to do me a favor,” which is a terrible way to start. He says, “You need to never tell another Casey Anthony joke ever again.” And I said, “Why?” You know, just to be a dick. [ Laughter ] And he says — I’ll never forget this. He says, “Because her daughter, Caylee Anthony, is my niece.” And I said, “Bullshit.” At which point he takes out his phone, sadly hits a couple buttons, and he shows me a picture of him holding little Caylee Anthony, in happier times, of course. [ Laughter ] And he says, “See? See, you son of a bitch?” And I said, “No, man, I believe you. I just mean she was your niece.” Thank you very much, everybody. Have a great night. Thank you so much. -Thank you. -[ Cheers and applause ] WOMAN: Hey, everybody, I am your Anthony Jeselnik fluffer, as it were. Just gonna do a few minutes before we bring him up. I had $10,000. No, I would be happy. [ Laughs ] And then I go to London, my first day there… [ Laughter ] You walk into the house. You have a jacket, hat, and bag. Yeah, but, yeah. But very good-looking. And that is a great combination, right? And then make this very non-guilty face. [ Laughter ] It’s like, I’ve never seen… Amazing. You guys have been awesome. Enjoy Anthony Jeselnik. It’s gonna be an amazing night. Thank you! [ Cheers and applause ] [ Applause ] MAN: All right, you guys, put your hands together. Please welcome Anthony Jeselnik! [ Cheers and applause ]"], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/08/03/anthony-jeselnik-caligula-2013-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "BO BURNHAM: MAKE HAPPY (2016) – Full Transcript", "date_str": "August 6th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["BO BURNHAM", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["[woman on TV] That has been, really, a difficult thing for me. My mother has always been a very difficult person all her life. Very unhappy. I can never remember my mother being happy. [inhales deeply] And as she gets older, however she was as a young person, I find it’s just now exaggerated and, uh… so, she’s, uh, 83 and now very extremely negative, very extremely unhappy, and, uh… that has been hard for me… -[classical music playing] -[audience cheering and applauding] [woman]", "Hello, audience. Thank you for coming. You are here because you want to laugh… and you want to forget about your problems. But I cannot allow it. ", "You should not laugh", ". You should not forget about your problems. The world is not funny. -We are all dying. -[audience laughing] The world is not funny. Twelve percent of the world’s population does not have access to clean drinking water. The world is not funny. Guy Fieri owns two functioning restaurants. -[audience laughing and applauding] -The world is not funny. So then… now that we understand the context, now that we realize how terribly unfunny the world is… let’s do this. -[organ music playing] -[audience cheering and applauding] [man] Entertainers are not here to help you. They are here to control you. -[audience continues cheering] -Never listen to them. Never give them what they want. And most importantly, never make some fucking noise! [audience cheers loudly]", "[hip-hop music playing] [audience continues cheering] -[bell dings] -[rapping] ♪ Ladies! ♪ ♪ Ladies, if you feel me Say, “Hell, yeah!” ♪ [all women] Hell, yeah! ♪ Fellas! Come on, fellas If you feel me, say, “Hell, yeah!” ♪ [all men] Hell, yeah! ♪ Virgins, if you haven’t felt a person Say, “Hell, yeah!” ♪ [audience] Hell, yeah! ♪ If you can divide by zero Let me hear you say, “Hell, yeah!” ♪ [audience] Hell, yeah! -No, you can’t. -[audience laughing] Mathematically impossible. Listen. Don’t be Pavlovian. I’m looking for actual answers here. Trying to gather information. Let’s go. ♪ If you like drinking booze Let me hear you say, “Hell, yeah!” ♪ [audience] Hell, yeah! ♪ If you like smoking weed Let me hear you say, “Hell, yeah!” ♪ [audience] Hell, yeah! -Gotcha. Get these motherfuckers. -[police siren wailing] [officer 1] Get down on the ground! Get down on the ground! [Bo] Pot is ruining America. [officer 1] Where’s the weed? Where’s the weed? [officer 2] Yeah, we got a room full of potheads. We’re gonna need backup. Over. Psych! ♪ If you don’t give a fuck About the law ♪ ♪ Let me hear you say “Fuck the police” ♪ [audience] Fuck the police. ♪ If that seems oversimplified to you Let me hear you say ♪ ♪ “It’s a really tough job And they’re doing their best” ♪ ♪ If you know nothing about the conflict Between Israel and Palestine ♪ ♪ And thus feel super uncomfortable ♪ ♪ Weighing in on it Til you’ve read about it ♪ ♪ Let me hear you say “No comment” ♪ [audience] No comment! Good call. I have no idea what’s going on over there. What are they fighting about? They have similar hats. ♪ If you want to start the show ♪ ♪ Let me hear you say, “Hell, yeah” Come on ♪ [audience] Hell, yeah! ♪ If my name’s Bo… ♪ -Whoops. -[audience laughing] I think you’re done with this call and response shit. That’s what I thought. If you want me to get introspective, -let’s get introspective. -[soft music playing] [singing] ♪ I can’t wrap my mind around Exactly why I’m here ♪ ♪ I know you paid money I should be funny ♪ ♪ Other than that Don’t know why I’m here ♪ ♪ To make you laugh, right? That’s only half-right ♪ ♪ Look at the world I don’t know why I’m here ♪ ♪ All this laughter can’t Feed starving Africans ♪ ♪ I just hope I don’t Get more from this than you do ♪ ♪ I would love to tell you That everything is fine ♪ ♪ You wanna be happy ♪ ♪ Well, get in line ♪ [rapping] ♪ Yeah, this is almost Musically incoherent at this point ♪ ♪ Y’all ain’t never seen a comedy show Like this in your fucking life ♪ ♪ And for good reason ♪ -♪ It gets old after a few minutes ♪ -[audience laughing] ♪ You’ll see ♪ [audience cheering] ♪ Let’s get this show going ♪ ♪ Let’s get this show started Okay ♪ ♪ One, two, three, four ♪ -[music stops]", "-So I was at the dentist the other day… -[audience laughing and cheering] -Yeah. [audience applauding] And nothing funny happened, so I was like, “Don’t mention that on stage.” I already fucked it up. -No, you fucking don’t. -[audience laughing] You do not. Haters gonna hate, lovers gonna love. You need to reject both sides of the spectrum -to leave a… healthy middle. -[audience laughs] Stop participating. Not a participatory thing going on up here. Trying to immortalize something I’ve worked on for a long time. Shut up! [chuckles] I have not… made my mind up about… masturbation. It’s weird and I’m torn. You know, ’cause on one hand, it feels good. [audience laughing and cheering] [applauding] [cheering] Did you not think I was gonna use it, idiots? -[audience laughing] -It’s not a prop. It will be used intermittently.", "Guys… I’ve got a lot of problems in my life. I wrote a song about some of the ", "problems in my life", ". I hope that some of you can relate to it. Here we go. [playing slow song] ♪ Walking around I got no one to talk to ♪ ♪ There’s everyone ♪ ♪ And then there’s just me ♪ ♪ If I could change Don’t you think that I’d do it ♪ ♪ God only knows Why he cursed me to be ♪ ♪ A straight white man ♪ [audience laughing] ♪ I state my problems ♪ ♪ Other people roll their eyes ♪ ♪ Three trips to the mall ♪ ♪ Zero khakis in my size ♪ ♪ I’ve never been the victim Of a random search for drugs ♪ ♪ But you can’t say My life is easy ♪ ♪ Until you’ve walked a mile in my Uggs ♪ [breath trembling] [audience laughing] ♪ Straight white man ♪ ♪ I know the road looks tough ahead ♪ ♪ The women want rights ♪ ♪ The gays want kids ♪ -What? -[audience laughing] ♪ Can’t you just leave us alone? ♪ ♪ And also “No” to the things you asked for ♪ They’re being greedy and they know it, okay? [mock sobs] ♪ Everyone thinks that I’ve got it easy ♪ ♪ And just ’cause it’s true ♪ ♪ Doesn’t mean that it’s right ♪ ♪ So pull up a chair ♪ ♪ And put down your pitchforks ♪ ♪ Give me a chance ♪ ♪ To show you what it is like ♪ ♪ To be a straight white man ♪ ♪ The churches never made me Feel ashamed of who I am ♪ ♪ But I get emails from Zappos That Gmail doesn’t mark as spam ♪ ♪ My country’s constitution Was handwritten by my race ♪ ♪ But my wife bought me The brand new iPhone ♪ ♪ With an iPod Touch’s case ♪ [voice breaking] Case doesn’t fit that phone. [audience laughing] ♪ Straight white man ♪ ♪ I know the road looks tough ahead ♪ ♪ The women want rights ♪ ♪ The blacks want Not to be called “the blacks” ♪ Sorry. ♪ Can’t you just leave us alone? ♪ ♪ Also, “no” to the things you asked for ♪ ♪ No ♪ ♪ Straight white man ♪ ♪ I know the road looks tough ahead ♪ ♪ The women want rights ♪ ♪ The African Amer– ♪ It doesn’t work with the rhythm. [audience laughs] ♪ We used to have all the money and land ♪ ♪ And we still do But it’s not as fun now ♪ [audience cheering and applauding]", "-[softly] Thank you. -[audience cheering and applauding] If you were offended by that, it was ironic. Isn’t that fun? I meant the whole opposite of it. ", "White guys", ", ", "it’s easy to be a white guy", ". Yeah, white guy, we deserve a… cheer once in a while. Very easy to be a white guy. Very easy. But white guys get a lot of shit and it’s not fair, ’cause we’ve done a lot of things, you know? We invented a lot of stuff. White guys invented everything but peanut butter, I believe. That’s what I was taught in school. Everything but peanut butter. Doesn’t sound right, but the American educational system having a racial bias? No way, Joseph. Guys, white… white people are a little uncomfortable. We’ll do a racial joke about the white people so you don’t feel uncomfortable. White people, we like the same foods. Favorite sandwich, peanut butter and… -[audience] Jelly! -…jelly. -Macaroni and… -[audience] Cheese! Our favorite chips, salt and vi… -[audience] …negar! -Wow! -[audience laughing] -Who said it? Get the cameras on them. Your grandkids are gonna see this, know what a bigot their grandfather or grandmother were. Every non-white person, see who said that, find them after the show. Put the lights down. Their faces creep me out. [audience laughing] Guys, I’m not “perfect,” okay? I don’t “use air quotes correctly,” all right? But I am against double standards across the board. Why is it… that when a woman wears revealing clothing, she’s labeled a slut, yet if I were to wear her skin as a jacket, I’m a murderer? -What? -[audience laughing] If I fuck a kid, I’m a pedophile, but if a kid fucks me, I’m the pedophile again? Twice in a week? What is this? -[upbeat music playing] -[man] Hey, Bo. Do you want to sing a song with us? -Okay. -Great! -I don’t know the words, though. -That’s all right. -You’ll figure it out. -All right! -Whoo! -♪ Hey, Bo, guess what? ♪ -What? -♪ You’re a faggot ♪ -[music stops] -[audience laughing] [audience cheering and applauding] Wasn’t clever, it was just mean. Bigoted. I apologize for that. So I was interrupted the other day while my– -[man] Hey, Bo. -Motherfucker. -You want to sing another song together? -I really don’t. -Too bad. -God damn it. ♪ Hey, Bo, guess what? ♪ -I’m a faggot. -Correct! It’s not funny. ♪ You’re a faggot, you’re a faggot You’re a fucking faggot ♪ ♪ You’re a faggot, you’re a fucking… ♪ Can you turn the lights off at least? ♪ You’re a faggot, you’re a faggot You’re a fucking faggot… ♪ Is this funny to you people? Turn it off. Turn the track off! -[record scratches] -[music stops] -Why was it on a record player? -[audience laughing] You got a record player back there? You have hooked up a record player? You know, it’s one thing to make that, but to press it onto vinyl is a whole other thing, all right? -It’s gonna outlive me. -[audience applauding] Just to be clear, I wrote, conceived and executed the entirety of that bit. -Do not give those dumb fucks any credit. -[audience laughing] It’s all me, baby. All me. Look at you people in the Abe Lincoln seats. Bam! Too late. Too late. How dare you make that joke so late?", "I’m a big fan of ", "hip-hop", ". ‘Cause I like words. I like poetry. And hip-hop feels like a way to condense a lot of those things into a short amount of time. There are artists that still do that. Uh… Yeah, Kendrick Lamar, very word-heavy, very poetic. But– -[audience cheers] -What are you doing? Look, this is my show. Do not veer credit to people outside this building. -[audience laughing] -[chuckles] Most… [chuckles] most… Hip-hop artists, for me, and it is for me, hip-hop, has traded in words and poetry for beat fetishism. It’s where you make a sick beat and then you rap anything over it. And people lose their minds. I’ll give you an example. Is there a sick beat back there for me? -[hip-hop beat playing] -Oh, shit! [rapping] ♪ I am not one of you ♪ ♪ I am not a human being ♪ ♪ You know what I am? ♪ ♪ I’m a little teapot Short and stout ♪ ♪ Here is my handle Here is my spout ♪ ♪ When I get all steamed up Then I shout ♪ ♪ Sing it Tip me over and… ♪ -[audience] Pour me out! -Let’s go. [man] ♪ Pour me out Pour me out ♪ ♪ Tip me over And pour me out ♪ ♪ Nigga, pour me out ♪ ♪ Pour me out ♪ -♪ Tip me over and pour me out ♪ -Okay. ♪ Baa, baa, black sheep Have you any wool? ♪ ♪ Yes, sir, yes, sir, three bags full ♪ ♪ One for the master, one for the dame ♪ ♪ One for the little boy That’s livin’ down the lane ♪ -♪ Baa ♪ -[man] ♪ Lives down the lane ♪ -♪ Whoo! ♪ -♪ Lives down the lane ♪ Why is there a young boy living alone down the lane? -Who signed this boy’s lease? -[audience laughing] Am I the only one concerned for this little boy? Two examples is enough. -[music stops]", "-Okay, thank you. [audience cheering and applauding] A lesser comedian would have milked that for four verses. And a better comedian wouldn’t have done it all. [chuckles] I’m right in the sweet spot. These, uh… These cannons cost $200, just for that joke. I could give that money to a homeless person, make their day, and I don’t do that very often. That is my first decision every morning. Not today. Nah. I’ll do that tomorrow. Tomorrow comes and it’s still today. Tomorrow’s a relative term. We’re not getting there. Makes Annie more depressing. [audience laughing and cheering] [woman cheers] -Fuck you. -[audience laughing] You don’t know where I’m going. Don’t act like it. You are not ahead of me. I will retain the element of surprise. [exclaims] I’m trying to work on my improv. My show is very planned, uh, to the word. -You know, to the gesture. -[spring sound effect] And I’m trying to break out of that. I want to make something brand new for every show, that only a few people get to experience.", "-What’s your name, man? -Rob. Rob? All right. I’m gonna try to make up ", "a song about Rob", "… [chuckles] off the top of my head. This might not work. Um, it’s just… It’s to keep me sharp, trying to… I’m stalling, trying to think of rhymes for Rob. It’s not fair. Okay. Song about Rob. Hit the track. [upbeat music playing] Fuck. [man] ♪ Bo had sex with… ♪ -♪ Rob’s… ♪ -♪ Mom ♪ ♪ Bo had sex with… ♪ -♪ Rob’s… ♪ -♪ Mom ♪ Bo, I heard you had sex with older woman last night. I did. -What’s her son’s name? -Rob, he’s right there. -I fucked his mother. -♪ Bo had sex with… ♪ -♪ Rob’s… ♪ -♪ Mom ♪ ♪ Bo had sex with… ♪ -♪ Rob’s… ♪ -♪ Mom ♪ ♪ I fucked her for an hour Then left when I was done ♪ ♪ ‘Cause fucking is her game And Rob is her son ♪ -[music stops] -Did we plan that? We did not plan that. -[audience cheering and applauding] -How does he do it? How does he pretend to do it? How does he remain contrived? I’m not… I’m not honest for a second up here! Honesty is for the birds, baby. You want an honest comedian, go see the rest of them, all right? “This thing actually happened.”", "-Cool. -[audience laughing] [man in audience] Whoo! [Bo] Boy, oh, boy. Any big fans of ", "country music", " out there? -[audience cheering] -Yeah. Ooh, some people extending my name. “Boo,” that’s also approval. -Uh, I think… -[audience laughing] I think country music… gets a bad rep. You know, why is it that when Bruce Springsteen sings about a fucking turnpike it is art, and then when someone sings about a horse, it’s dumb inherently? I don’t think… [scoffs] I think some of the greatest songwriters of all time are country artists. Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson… You know? And if you’re writing honestly, that is art. And I would never bash that. Um, the problem is… with a lot of modern country music, what is called stadium country music, the sort of Keith Urban brand of country music, is that it is not honest. -It is the exact opposite of honest. -[country music playing] Where instead of people actually telling their stories, you got a bunch of millionaire metrosexuals who’ve never done a hard day’s work in their life, but they figured out the words and the phrases they can use to pander to their audience, and they list the same words and phrases off, sort of mad-lib style in every song, raking in millions of dollars from actual working-class people. You know the words. You know the phrases. Phrases like… ♪ A dirt road, a cold beer ♪ ♪ A blue jeans, a red pickup ♪ ♪ A rural noun, simple adjective ♪ [audience laughing] ♪ No shoes, no shirt ♪ ♪ No Jews You didn’t hear that ♪ [audience laughing] Sort of a mental typo. ♪ I walk and talk like a field hand ♪ ♪ But the boots I’m wearing Cost three grand ♪ ♪ I write songs about riding tractors ♪ ♪ From the comfort of a private jet ♪ ♪ I could sing in Mandarin ♪ ♪ You’d still know I’m pandering ♪ ♪ Hunting deer, chasing trout ♪ ♪ A Bud Light with the logo facing out ♪ ♪ Hear that subtle mandolin ♪ ♪ That’s textbook pandering ♪ ♪ I own a private ranch That I rarely use ♪ I don’t like dirt. One verse, one chorus in the bag. Now it’s time to talk to the ladies. I’m hoping my Southern charm offsets all these rape-y vibes I’m putting out. ♪ Good girl in a straw hat ♪ ♪ With her arms out in a cornfield ♪ ♪ That is a scarecrow ♪ Thought it was a human woman. Sorry. ♪ A cold night, a cold beer ♪ ♪ A cold jeans Strike that last one ♪ ♪ I’m wanting you I hope you’re feeling me ♪ Subtextually. ♪ We go to bed You doze off ♪ ♪ So I take your country girl Clothes off ♪ ♪ I put my hands on your body ♪ ♪ It feels like hay It’s a fucking scarecrow again ♪ ♪ Like Mike’s Evander-ing ♪ ♪ Fuck your ears, I’m pandering ♪ ♪ I write songs for the people who do ♪ ♪ Jobs in the towns That I’d never move to ♪ ♪ Legalize gerrymandering ♪ ♪ Tolerate my pandering ♪ ♪ You got a beautiful mouth ♪ ♪ I got a beautiful… ♪ Y’all dumb motherfuckers want a key change? ♪ Thematically meandering ♪ ♪ Emphatically pandering ♪ ♪ I got a tight grip on my demo’s balls ♪ ♪ Say the word “truck” They jizz in their overalls ♪ ♪ You don’t know what land you’re in ♪ ♪ I’m in the land of pandering ♪ ♪ And I’ll be upfront ♪ ♪ I do what I do ‘Cause I’m a total fucking country boy ♪ -[audience cheering] -[music stops] -You know, like, that genre. -[audience laughing] They’re lying to you. That’s all. They’re lying… Entertainers, they are lying and they are manipulating you. And it’s not in a good way. It’s like advertising. You deserve better. I’m not saying I’m it, but I’m the guy that says you deserve better. You go get better. You say, “Thank you, weird man. Bye.” Anyone watch celebrity lip-syncing on The Tonight Show, you know? -[audience cheering] -It’s the end of culture. Culture’s over, everybody. We lost. This is entertainment. How is this entertainment? People we’ve seen too much of mouthing along to songs we’ve heard too much of. And this the bread and butter of American television. And it’s always one of two things on celebrity lip-syncing. It’s either a male celebrity lip-syncing to a woman’s song… [laughs] “But he’s not…” Or it’s a rich, young white actress ironically lip-syncing to a hip-hop song. [laughs] [rapping] ♪ Fuck the police Coming straight from the underground ♪ Can you believe this song was once an honest articulation of class struggle? [laughs] Fuck these people. How dare they think that them fucking around is worthy of your attention? Them playing Pictionary? Your attention’s a valuable thing. I worked for three years to get it for an hour. And I barely get there. [silence] -See? -[audience laughing] [exhales] I saw a gorgeous… dick. I was in the public restroom. Some guys might be like me. I cannot use a urinal when there’s a guy beside me. I freeze up. So I have to use the stalls. In this case, all the stalls were taken. I had to use a urinal. There was a guy beside me. I took a little look. You’re not picturing this. All right. [dramatic music playing] -[angelic vocalization] -[audience laughing] The bit is over. I’m not talking into his dick now. I didn’t rip off his dick. And I’m now not talking into a severed dick. The show is a series of discrete bits. That one’s over. God, if you don’t get that… -[pounds piano keys] -[blows raspberry] Reset the momentum. I cannot be coasting off the inertia of past jokes. -[playing slow song] -[audience laughing] Need to earn it. Every bit should come out of a vacuum, eh? We all want love. How many single ladies out there looking for love tonight? [women in audience] Whoo! -Yeah. “Whoo” that sadness out. -[audience laughing] There’s more where that came from. Ladies, I know what you want. Want. Want. ♪ You want a guy that’s sweet A guy that’s tough ♪ ♪ A feminist who likes to pay for stuff ♪ ♪ The kinda guy that gets Along with your friends ♪ ♪ Without being attracted to any of them ♪ ♪ A good boy, a bad boy, a good bad boy ♪ ♪ A half-good, half-bad half-boy ♪ ♪ Loves your brother Sensitive but not weak ♪ ♪ And is a great lover Calls your mother on the weekend ♪ ♪ Though you might think That this guy only exists in your mind ♪ ♪ But guess what? ♪ ♪ You’re right ♪ ♪ If you want love ♪ ♪ Lower your expectations a few ♪ ♪ Because Prince Charming Would never settle for you ♪ ♪ If you want love ♪ ♪ Just pick a guy and love him ♪ ♪ And if he’s got a thing for feet ♪ ♪ Say fuck it, sweep me off them ♪ Now… the good thing is that, uh… At least men have very realistic expectations for women… he said, sarcastically setting up a second verse in a comedy song. ♪ You want a girl that’s nice A girl that’s not ♪ ♪ Obsessed with her looks But is insanely hot ♪ ♪ The kind of girl that you can Show to your folks ♪ ♪ Loves the movies that you like And always laughs at your jokes ♪ ♪ A real girl, a hot girl, A really hot girl ♪ ♪ A brand new really hot real doll ♪ ♪ Wants to impress you Doesn’t care if you notice ♪ ♪ And only ever uses you To tickle her throat with ♪ ♪ Though you might think that this girl Only exists in your mind ♪ ♪ But she’s real But last week, she died ♪ ♪ If you want love ♪ ♪ Lower your expectations a lot ♪ ♪ You might think your dick is a gift I promise it’s not ♪ -[women in audience cheering] -♪ If you want love ♪ ♪ Just pick a girl and love her ♪ ♪ Then whip out your dick and Let the girl you love decline the offer ♪ ♪ I don’t want a neat freak I don’t want a slob ♪ ♪ Somebody with bedhead And a dead-end job ♪ ♪ ‘Cause I won’t settle for less ♪ ♪ Than perfect ♪ ♪ We want perfect children A perfect life ♪ ♪ Perfect husband or a perfect wife ♪ ♪ But deep down, we know ♪ ♪ We don’t deserve it ♪ [audience laughing] ♪ But ♪ ♪ We all deserve love ♪ ♪ Even on the days When we aren’t our best ♪ ♪ ‘Cause we all suck ♪ ♪ But love can make us suck less ♪ ♪ We all deserve love ♪ ♪ It’s the very best part of being alive ♪ ♪ And I would know I just turned 25 ♪ [audience cheering] That’s young. [dramatic music playing] -[farts] -[audience laughing and applauding] Original does not mean good. Anyone can do anything. Don’t let me off the hook too easy. ♪ War, huh, good God, y’all ♪ ♪ What is it good for? ♪ ♪ Increasing domestic manufacturing ♪", "-All right. Uh… -[audience cheering] I don’t want to get political ’cause I only know my own ideas of other people’s ideas. We just played in Alabama. They just like the lights. -I didn’t even need to do jokes. -[audience laughing] “Motherfucker’s got moving candles.” No, not quite. [clicks tongue] Alabama was actually nice. You’re elitist pricks. -[audience cheering] -Isn’t that fun? [scoffs] -[audience laughing] -Yeah, you like that. -[dramatic music playing] -[man] And now… what making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich feels like when you’re high on marijuana. [suspenseful music playing] [inaudible] -[music stops] -[audience cheering and applauding] [dramatic music playing] [man] And now… what making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich feels like… when you’re shit-faced. [slow rock music plays] [inaudible] -[music stops, door opens] -[woman] Hey, baby, I’m home. -[door closes] -[keys jangling] -Honey, you okay? What’s wrong? -[inaudible] [stutters] Are you drunk? Have you been… You’ve been drinking, haven’t you? You’ve been fuck… You’re fucking wasted, aren’t… -[inaudible] -I can’t hear you. Speak into the microphone. I’m not. [woman] What’s behind your back? What’re you holding behind your back? -Itching. -Just… -Just don’t be– -Itchy back. What is… what’re you hiding behind your back? Just show me. It’s a jar of peanut butter, all right? Sue me. [woman] That’s mayonnaise. That is a jar of mayonnaise. That is not peanut butter. Why are you holding a jar of mayonnaise? Why are you holding a jar of mayonnaise? I’m not holding a jar of mayonnaise. -Touché, bitch. -You know what? I am fucking done with this shit, okay? I had to get up at 5:00 a.m. -I had to be at work at 6:00. -[plays piano keys] I had an exhausting day. I just wanna come home, unwind, relax, and I come home to a mess that I have to clean up– -[stutters] I’ll clean it up. -No, no! I will have to clean it up. Because you’ll make it worse if you try to, okay? -Yeah. -You know what? I’m fucking done with this. -Are you? -You are so immature. -She’s done. -I cannot leave you alone without you getting shit-faced. This is what I deal with Monday through… -Monday. -Who are you talking to right now? You just gestured to the sink. -What does that mean? -There’s an audience full of people. Okay, you know what? This bit is getting a little too weird and meta. Okay, we’re done with it. I agree. Where’s that going? Sometimes you don’t write an end to a bit, so you skip it. Before they know it, you’re on to the next thing. Guys, I was at the store recently. -[scattered cheers] -And, uh, no, I will save you time. I bought something. -[audience cheering] -No, no, no, no. No. Sit in silence. Do you guys know what continuity errors are? It’s where in one shot something’s one way, in another shot it’s another way. You know those things? -Anyway… -[audience laughing] [man] This comedy performance is brought to you in part by… -Sorry about this. -…Flamin’ Hot Cheetos. -[rock music playing] -[man] ♪ Flamin’ Hot Cheetos ♪ ♪ They’re like regular Cheetos But they’re flamin’ hot ♪ ♪ Normal Cheetos are for pussies ♪ ♪ But Flamin’ Cheetos are not ♪ ♪ For pussies, that is ♪ They’re not sponsoring me. I’m just trying to get them to. -[audience laughing and applauding] -They’re not returning my calls. Evasively cheesy is more like it. Mmm. Label-less water. Nothing tastes better than not getting sued. I, uh… I don’t love my fans. I have to be… I don’t. You don’t want that… You don’t want that desperate, sort of cloying thing from an entertainer. “My fans, oh, they stick with me through everything, through thick and thin.” Do not stick with me through thick. If I stop entertaining you, throw me to the curb. You wouldn’t stick with your mechanic if he stopped fixing your car. I’m in a service industry. I’m just overpaid, okay? [audience laughing] And a lot of… I feel a lot of artists, pop artists especially, sort of infringe upon… responsibilities that just aren’t theirs, in terms of their audience, maintaining their audience at an emotional level. Some of you might be sad and going through things. I feel for that. Life is tough. I’m not gonna fix that with a song. Like “Brave” or “Roar.” You know these inspirational… What I’m trying to say… is don’t listen to a song… like this. -[playing upbeat song] -♪ Have you ever felt sad or lonely? ♪ ♪ Have you even felt two feet tall? ♪ ♪ Have you ever thought ♪ ♪ “Man, if only I was anybody else at all”? ♪ ♪ They like to kick you When times get rough ♪ ♪ Then you give your all But it’s not enough ♪ ♪ And sticks and stones Might break your bones ♪ ♪ But words can break your heart ♪ ♪ But if you don’t know where to go ♪ ♪ I’ll show you where to start ♪ -♪ Kill yourself ♪ -[audience laughing] ♪ It will only take a minute And you’ll be happy that you did it ♪ ♪ Just go over to your oven And shove your head in it ♪ ♪ Kill yourself ♪ ♪ Really, you should do it There’s really nothing to it ♪ ♪ Just grab a mug And chug a cup of lighter fluid ♪ -Okay. Now… -[audience laughing] -I feel like you pulled back. -[audience laughing] Maybe it’s on account of the fact that I’m telling you to kill yourself over and over again. I’m just trying to make a simple point. That these… That life’s toughest problems don’t have simple answers. You shouldn’t just be brave. You shouldn’t just roar. You shouldn’t kill yourself. But I understand that… it’s a sensitive subject and you’re probably just hearing me say that. And I’ve dealt with… I don’t want to be… Look. ♪ I sound un-empathetic ♪ ♪ I sound mean and rude ♪ ♪ Suicide is an epidemic ♪ ♪ And I don’t want to be misconstrued ♪ ♪ Signs of depression go overlooked ♪ ♪ So if you’re depressed ♪ ♪ Then you need to book A therapy session ♪ ♪ Talk about your depression ♪ ♪ And let a professional hear it ♪ ♪ But if you search for moral wisdom ♪ ♪ In Katy Perry’s lyrics, then ♪ -♪ Kill yourself ♪ -[audience cheering] ♪ It won’t be painful If you are able ♪ ♪ To give a little kiss To an oncoming train ♪ ♪ You’ll kill yourself ♪ ♪ It’s over, mull it ♪ ♪ There’s a trigger, pull it ♪ ♪ Get it through your head “It” being a bullet ♪ ♪ Stick your tongue in a plug ♪ ♪ Suck a pipe of exhaust ♪ ♪ Make some toast in the tub ♪ ♪ Nail yourself to a cross ♪ ♪ Hold your breath ’til it’s gone ♪ ♪ Drink a gallon of Mace ♪ ♪ Be gay in Iran ♪ -♪ Let Oprah sit on your face ♪ -[audience laughing] ♪ Jump off of a bridge ♪ ♪ Skinny dip in a flood ♪ ♪ Skydive attached to a fridge ♪ ♪ Drink a Haitian guy’s blood ♪ ♪ Break into the zoo ♪ ♪ Give the tiger a shove ♪ ♪ Eat a Phillips-head screw ♪ -♪ Marry Courtney Love ♪ -[audience laughing and cheering] Sorry. -Don’t kill yourself. -[audience laughing] I don’t like explaining jokes that… The joke where I tell everyone to kill themselves -might deserve an explanation. Do not! -[audience laughing] And if you’re offended, do not write a blog. I apologize immediately. Sorry! Right away! -[woman shouts indistinctly] -[man] Whoo! What’s that, ma’am? What did you say? This is your moment. Who said it? [audience laughing] Do not objectify me, okay? You think it’s okay just ’cause I’m a dude? You think it’s okay ’cause he’s a dude? That is homophobia. Just the fact that you find it funny. “Ooh, a guy said take off your pants. That’s not God’s way.” [laughs mockingly] Jesus Christ, you bigots. I, uh… Show’s been pretty rock and roll so far. You know, I know it. -And I… -[audience cheering] I’d love to keep it going, but life is not always rock and roll. I’m not gonna keep life out of my show. I went through a pretty rough… [chuckles] uh, breakup recently. It was a long time coming. Uh, we had a lot of conversations about it, she and I. But recently we had the conversation… It wasn’t recent, but I remember it like it was yesterday, you know? -[piano playing] -She came out of the shower, her hair wet, her shoulders wet. -It was a shower. It’s water. -[audience laughing] She turned to me and she said it… She said… [singing] ♪ It’s over ♪ ♪ We shouldn’t fight to stay together Just to fight again ♪ ♪ It’s over We’re unhappy ♪ ♪ We need to take a break From us to make us right again ♪ ♪ And even though it’s not gonna go Any further ♪ ♪ I swear I don’t regret a second of it ♪ ♪ And when the dust has settled ♪ ♪ I hope we can still be friends ♪ Then I said… -[rapping] ♪ Eat a dick ♪ -[hip-hop music playing] ♪ Eat a dick ♪ ♪ Eat a fucking dick, like this ♪ ♪ Put on your dick-eating gloves ♪ ♪ Get ready to gobble a dick up ♪ ♪ If you don’t like this dick sitch ♪ ♪ Eat a dick, bitch ♪ -[piano playing] -[audience cheering and applauding] I think I made the right decision. [singing] ♪ Okay, you’re angry ♪ ♪ I can see that ♪ ♪ But you don’t need to make this harder Than it has to be ♪ ♪ I try to speak to you ♪ ♪ But you won’t listen– ♪ [rapping] ♪ Eat a dick ♪ [singing] ♪ Hold on Please just let me– ♪ [rapping] ♪ Eat a dick ♪ Oh, my God. [singing] ♪ Honestly, are you fucking five? ♪ ♪ I am trying to talk this out ♪ ♪ You refuse to even listen to me ♪ [stutters] I’m saying how I’m feeling, okay? And then you’re saying… “eat a dick” over and over again. Does that seem mature to you? [rapping] ♪ No, it doesn’t But see, I think the issue is ♪ ♪ I’ve got my father’s temper ♪ ♪ And I’m emotionally inarticulate ♪ ♪ So rather than being honest And vulnerable ♪ ♪ I did a quick switch Because I’m hurting inside ♪ ♪ And I’m trying to hide it So eat a dick, man ♪ [sobbing] [voice breaking] I thought we had a future together, you fucking whore. [singing] ♪ I didn’t think You’d cry for me ♪ ♪ I didn’t think you cared ♪ ♪ I thought you were Lashing out in anger ♪ ♪ But now I see you’re scared ♪ ♪ I’m scared, too ♪ ♪ Maybe we can work this out ♪ ♪ And not break up ♪ [gasps] Really? [rapping] ♪ No, lick my clit ♪ ♪ Lick my motherfucking clit ♪ ♪ You think three lousy tears ♪ ♪ Offsets three years of shit? ♪ ♪ I deserve better than you ♪ ♪ Get me wetter, then screw ♪ ♪ Sorry you’re not what I need, hun ♪ ♪ Lick this clit then leave, son ♪ -[music stops] -[audience cheering] Hey, if you guys are having a good time, make some silence. -[silence] -Cool. -[audience laughing] -Uh… What’s this show about? What am I talking about, you know? To… to summarize the show, though… Me! Me! Me! But… if you take one thing away from my show… I hope it’s a T-shirt. We’re selling them out there. This is all a front for the brand. But what is this show about? What do you think, industrial piping? -[air hissing] -Close. -[air hissing] -Stay out of it. [audience laughing] It’s about… Mute this. -But for real, what is it about? -[audience laughing] It’s about… performing… -I try to… -[person whistling] …make my show about other things, but it always ends up becoming about performing. I started performing very young, as a teenager, you know, professionally. And as a comedian, what you’re supposed to do… You’re supposed to talk about what you know. And what I knew always was performing. So to talk about… [chuckles] traffic or laundry felt incredibly disingenuous. But I worried that making a show about performing would be too meta. It wouldn’t be relatable to people that aren’t performers. But what I found is that I don’t think anyone isn’t. Could we get the house lights up for a second? And could you… Let the lights on stage… Let the artifice fade away. -Now we’re all the same. -[scattered cheers] -I mean, you’re all facing this way still. -[audience laughs] You know, I look out at… I look out at you and, um… It’s a very diverse crowd. I mean, more European than I would’ve hoped, but… we’ll get there. If I look at the young people… You know, and I feel like… I was born in 1990 and I was sort of raised in America when it was a cult of self-expression. And I was just taught, you know, express myself and have things to say and everyone will care about them. And I think everyone was taught that and most of us found out no one gives a shit what we think. So we flock to performers by the thousands ’cause we’re the few that have found an audience. And then I’m supposed to get up here and say, “Follow your dreams,” as if this is a meritocracy? It is not, okay? I had a privileged life and I got lucky and I’m unhappy. [audience laughing] They say it’s… it’s like the me generation. It’s not. It’s not… [stammers] The arrogance is taught or it was cultivated. It’s… it’s self-conscious. That’s what it is. It’s the… It’s conscious of self… [stammers] Social media… it’s just the market’s answer to a generation that demanded to perform. So the market said, “Here, perform everything to each other all the time for no reason.” It’s prison, it’s horrific. It is performer and audience melded together. What do we want more than to lie in our bed at the end of the day and just watch our life as a satisfied audience member? I know very little about anything, but what I do know is that if you can live your life without an audience… you should do it. And now you’re thinking… “How the fuck are you gonna dig the show out of this weird hole?” Oh, you want me to be funny and make a point? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. -Batman. So… how do we do it? -[audience laughing] [cheering] We do it like this. I went to Kanye West’s recent tour, the Yeezus Tour. It was a big, dramatic, theatrical show. He did something very strange at the end of his show where he ranted… for, like, 20 minutes. It was kind of a rant, kind of a song. He had auto-tune on his voice and there was an instrumental in the background… -[instrumental music playing] -…like this instrumental. He talked about his problems… race… power. His $90 T-shirts weren’t selling very well. That was most of it. And I watched this. I thought maybe I could do this. I’ll be honest, my problems are not as high-stakes as Kanye’s, but I have problems. And maybe a crowd in New York would be nice enough to indulge me.", "So as we get to the end of a night of theater… and comedy and sweaters coming on and off, I got one question for you… And that question is… [with auto-tune] ♪ Can I say my shit, New York? ♪ ♪ Can I say my shit? ♪ ♪ I got lots of shit to say ♪ ♪ I got lots of shit to say ♪ [vocalizing] [audience cheering] ♪ I can’t fit my hand Inside a ", "Pringle can", " ♪ ♪ I have a huge amount of trouble Fitting my hand inside of a Pringle can ♪ ♪ I can get my hand Like four inches into the can ♪ ♪ But then I have to tilt the can Into my mouth ♪ ♪ But by that point a bunch of crumbs have Accumulated at the bottom of the can ♪ ♪ So they all go Spilling onto my face ♪ ♪ What I’m trying to say Is the diameter of Pringle cans ♪ ♪ Is way too small ♪ ♪ I’ll say it again ♪ ♪ The diameter of Pringle cans Is way too small ♪ ♪ Two radiuses of a Pringle can Is way too small ♪ ♪ If you feel me Put your hands up ♪ ♪ Come on ♪ ♪ If you feel me Put your hands up ♪ [audience cheering] ♪ Look at all these hands That are way too big ♪ ♪ To fit inside a Pringle can ♪ ♪ Your hands are too big To fit inside of Pringle cans ♪ ♪ Your hands are too big To fit inside a Pringle can ♪ ♪ You think you can ♪ ♪ I know you can’t You think you can ♪ ♪ Pringles, listen to the people ♪ ♪ I’m sure 90% Of the complaint letters you get ♪ ♪ Are about the width of your cans ♪ Just… make ’em wider. [audience laughing] I’ve overdone the Pringles thing. Sorry. ♪ I wanna have a daughter ♪ ♪ Wanna have a daughter ♪ ♪ So I can finally have Someone around the house ♪ ♪ Who can fit their hands In a Pringle can ♪ ♪ Yes, I’m still On the Pringle cans thing ♪ Yeah. I’ll… I’ll move on, all right? ♪ But that is priority numero uno ♪ ♪ I don’t go to the gym ♪ ♪ ‘Cause I’m self-conscious About my body ♪ [echoing] ♪ …body… ♪ ♪ But I’m self-conscious About my body ♪ ♪ ‘Cause I don’t go to the gym ♪ ♪ Irony can be so painful ♪ ♪ That’s a catch-22 ♪ [vocalizing] ♪ Let’s do this ♪", "♪ I went to ", "Chipotle", " ♪ ♪ Went to Chipotle ♪ ♪ Got myself a chicken burrito ♪ -[trills] -[audience laughs] ♪ I went down the line I got, like, all these ingredients ♪ ♪ And then at the end of the line The guy tried to wrap the burrito ♪ ♪ But half of the shit Inside the burrito spilled out ♪ ♪ He still wrapped it ♪ ♪ I was, like “Dude, you should have warned me ♪ ♪ You’re a burrito expert ♪ ♪ You should have told me Halfway through ♪ ♪ ‘Hey, man, you might be reaching Maximum burrito capacity here’ ♪ ♪ Do you think I want a messy burrito? ♪ ♪ No one wants a messy burrito” ♪ ♪ The whole appeal of a burrito Is that all of the ingredients ♪ ♪ Are contained Within the confines of the tortilla ♪ ♪ I wouldn’t have gotten half this shit ♪ ♪ If I knew it wasn’t gonna fit In the burrito, all right? Look… ♪ ♪ I wouldn’t have got the lettuce If I knew it wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ Wouldn’t have got the cheese If I knew it wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ Wouldn’t have got the peppers If I knew they wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ I wouldn’t have got Half of it ♪ ♪ Like, I’m okay with small mistakes ♪ ♪ If you got no more chicken I’ll take pork ♪ ♪ But I’ll blow my dad Before I eat a burrito with a fork ♪ ♪ I wouldn’t have got the lettuce If I knew it wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ Wouldn’t have got the cheese If I knew it wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ Wouldn’t have got the peppers If I knew they wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ Man, I wouldn’t have got Half of it, like ♪ ♪ Half of it, like Half of it, like ♪ ♪ Half of it, like Half of it ♪ ♪ Right now, I think it’s time ♪ ♪ I think it’s time That we break it down ♪ [audience cheering and applauding] [vocalizing] -[babbles] -[audience laughing] ♪ I can sit here and pretend ♪ ♪ Like my biggest problems Are Pringle cans ♪ [sighs] ♪ And burritos ♪ ♪ The truth is My biggest problem’s you ♪ ♪ I wanna please you ♪ ♪ But I wanna stay true to myself ♪ ♪ I wanna give you the night out That you deserve ♪ ♪ But I wanna sing what I think ♪ ♪ And not care What you think about it ♪ ♪ A part of me loves you ♪ ♪ A part of me hates you ♪ ♪ A part of me needs you ♪ ♪ A part of me fears you ♪ ♪ And I don’t think That I can handle this right now ♪ ♪ Handle this right now ♪ ♪ I don’t think That I can handle this right now ♪ ♪ I don’t think That I can handle this right now ♪ ♪ I don’t think That I can handle this right ♪ ♪ I don’t think That I can handle this right ♪ ♪ Look at them They’re just staring at me ♪ ♪ Like, “Come and watch The skinny kid ♪ ♪ With a steadily declining Mental health” ♪ ♪ And laugh as he attempts to give you What he cannot give himself ♪ ♪ I don’t think That I can handle this right ♪ ♪ I don’t think That I can handle this right ♪ ♪ But they don’t even know The half of this right ♪ ♪ But they don’t even know The half of it ♪ ♪ But I know I’m not a doctor ♪ ♪ I’m a pussy I put on a silly show ♪ ♪ I should probably just shut up ♪ ♪ And do my job So here I go ♪ ♪ I wouldn’t have got the lettuce If I knew it wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ Wouldn’t have got the cheese If I knew it wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ Wouldn’t have got the peppers If I knew they wouldn’t fit ♪ ♪ I wouldn’t have got half ♪ ♪ You can tell them anything ♪ ♪ If you just make it funny Make it rhyme ♪ ♪ And if they still don’t understand you ♪ ♪ Then you’ll run it one more time ♪ ♪ I don’t think That I can handle this right ♪ ♪ Oh! ♪ ♪ Handle this right ♪ ♪ Oh! ♪ ♪ Handle this right ♪ ♪ But you don’t even know The half of this right now ♪ ♪ Right now ♪ ♪ Ha! ♪ ♪ Now ♪ ♪ Handle this right Handle this right ♪ ♪ Handle this right now ♪ Thank you. Good night. I hope you’re happy. -[audience cheering and applauding] -[microphone thuds] [cheering stops] Oh, good, it’s just us. [playing piano] ♪ Now the show is done ♪ ♪ I hope that you had gut trembling Or something resembling fun ♪ ♪ And if you watch this thing alone ♪ ♪ You probably didn’t laugh ♪ ♪ But maybe a few times You exhaled out of your nose ♪ [exhales] ♪ But if you hated it, that’s fair ♪ ♪ But either way ♪ ♪ Could you find a little more time For a parting questionnaire? ♪ ♪ On a scale from one to zero ♪ ♪ Are you happy? ♪ ♪ ‘Cause you’re on your own from here ♪ ♪ So, are you happy? ♪ ♪ I’m open to suggestions ♪ ♪ Are you happy? ♪ ♪ But what the fuck kind of question is “Am I happy?” ♪ ♪ I really wanna try to get happy And I think that I could get it ♪ ♪ If I didn’t always panic Every time I’m unhappy in life ♪ ♪ I’m owed some life Where I’m always, like, happy ♪ ♪ Which is stupid ’cause I wouldn’t even want it if I got it ♪ ♪ Wait, oh, God, my dad was right ♪ ♪ So if you know Or ever knew how ♪ ♪ To be happy ♪ ♪ On a scale from one to two now ♪ ♪ Are you happy? ♪ ♪ You’re everything you hated ♪ ♪ Are you happy? ♪ ♪ Hey, look, Ma I made it ♪ ♪ Are you happy? ♪ [instrumental music playing]"], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/08/06/bo-burnham-make-happy-2016-full-transcript/"}
{"title": "BILL BURR: LET IT GO (2010) – Full transcript", "date_str": "April 19th, 2017", "categories": ["COMEDY"], "tags": ["BILL BURR", "Stand-up transcripts"], "transcript": ["[Quirky rock music] All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you for coming out here. Okay, okay. All right. Okay, I didn’t cure anything. Jesus Christ. Fuckin’ lifetime achievement award out here. I…I have been on the road for the last five months. I don’t know, man. I’m just really ", "thinking the worst of people", ". I really am. You should see some of the animals—some of the animals I see. Like, I was in the airport the other day, right? I’m sitting there waiting for my flight to take my life and watching this—watching this lady. She’s eating egg McMuffins, like, plural, and just threw, like, three of them right down her throat like a pelican. Just, like, right down her gullet. And when she was done, she wiped her face with the bag. Ahh, with the bag, not even like a gentleman. Like, “oh, I’ll just do the corners,” and, “ahhhh.” Then she just kind of straight-razor shaved. Just an absolute animal. I saw this other dude. He was so out of shape, he was, like, trying to itch his back, and he couldn’t reach it, so he walked up to a support pole that was holding up an entire floor of the airport and just walks up, and he just starts, like, rubbing up against it like a grizzly bear. Just sitting there. Just a fuckin’ animal. Dude, I am so pro-swine flu, it’s, like, ridiculous. I want it. We need a plague. I’m telling you, we need a plague. It’s got to happen, and don’t be afraid. It’s only gonna—it’s only gonna kill the weak, you know? Seriously, put on a sweater. Take some vitamins. You’re gonna be fine. Just… You’ve got to let mother nature do her thing, man. She keeps trying to help us out, and we won’t let her do it. Keeps trying to thin the herd, and every single time, we’re like, “oh, go down and get your vaccination.” Why? Why? So egg McMuffin lady can breed with the back fat guy, you know? It’s got to happen. You’ve got to let her do it. Seriously, plague, it’s like nature’s forest fire, you know? Just let it burn out all the dead wood. No, I swear to God. We’re the only—we’re ", "the only species that saves the weak", ". We really are. Lions don’t do that shit, you know? A lion gets a little thorn in his paw, and everybody’s, “slow down. Do you have an ear infection? How are you feeling? Is everything all right? Do you need some penicillin?” and it’s like, “fuck him.” That’s why there’s no traffic on the serengeti. There’s not a bunch of lions just standing there in gridlock like, “what the fuck is going on up there? Dude, go. Just fuckin’ go.” An hour later, you get up there. There’s some hyena licking his balls. Like, “oh, that was the big holdup, right? Like you never saw that before. Oh, by all means, slow down and look at it.”", "So I’ve got a girlfriend, man. I watch a lot of TV with her, you know? I just annoy the hell out of her. She loves watching ", "the Oprah Winfrey show", ", and I love, like, watching her watch the Oprah Winfrey show. And I wait for Oprah to say something stupid, and the second she does, I just take it out on my girl, because I’m an asshole. No, it’s what I do. No, we were watching it the other day, you know. Oprah’s on there. She’s interviewing some clam, you know, and… she’s giving her this big, ridiculous intro, like, “she’s done this. She’s done that. She’s done this. And she does ", "the most difficult job on the planet", ". She’s a mother.” And continues on, and immediately, I just look at my girlfriend like… You know. Like, “really? Being a mother is the most difficult job on the planet? Oh, yeah, all those mothers who die every year from black lung from inhaling all that coal dust.” Dude, women are just constantly patting themselves on the back about how difficult their lives are, and no one corrects them, ’cause they want to fuck ’em. No, that’s what it is. So there’s just this tornado of, like, misinformation. “I have the most difficult job on the planet.” What would you rather be doing, drilling to the center of the earth, shaking hands with the Devil, every time there’s a rumble in the ground, you’re waiting for the whole thing to collapse down on top of you so they can write that folk song about you, you know? Or would you rather be up in the sunshine running around with a couple of toddlers that you can send to bed anytime you want on some sort of trumped-up charges, right? Because you want to have a drink and watch The Price is Right. You know what I mean? I couldn’t believe it. “It’s the most difficult job on the planet.” Oh, yeah? I thought roofing in the middle of July as a redhead—I thought that that was difficult, but these mothers are bending over at the waist putting DVDs into DVD players. I don’t know how they do it. I don’t know how they do it. Dude, any job that you can do in your pajamas is not a difficult job, all right? Give me a break. Jesus Christ, you’re 35 years old playing hide-and-go-seek. You’re living the dream. You’re living the dream. No time card, no taxes. You’re off the fuckin’ grid. Making Popsicle stick houses. I mean… “It’s the most difficult job on the planet.” Oprah’s not even a mother. How the fuck would she know? Unbelievable. Granted, neither am I, but I, you know, I think it kind of balances itself out.", "I’m halfway through my life at this age, you know, and I’ve been an angry son of a bitch, and I’ve got to turn this around, man. I’m embarrassed with my—I don’t want to be that guy. ", "You die as the angry guy", ". That’s the worst dude to die as, because then people have got to try to think of happy shit to say about you at your funeral. They’re just sitting there like, “he, uh… you know, he always paid his bills on time, you know. You’ve got to give him that, you know. God damn it, you gave this guy a bill, he paid it. This guy was a bill-paying son of a bitch, ironed his shirts. I—I got nothing. I don’t know what else to say about the guy. He’s just…” no… No, I noticed—you know when I knew I had an anger problem was when—just, like, little random things. Like, I went to this place another time. I’m on the road, and I’m ordering food, and I was done ordering the food, and the guy behind the counter asked me if I wanted a cookie, right? And all of a sudden, I just had this unbelievable urge just to blast this guy right in the face. I’m not trying to be paranoid, but my brain was just sitting there going like, “dude, what kind of a man asks another man if he wants a cookie? This guy thinks you’re soft or something.” “Oh, you want a cookie, huh? You want a cookie there, cupcake?” Who the fuck is he? He doesn’t fuckin’ know you like that. And you know what the sad thing was, was I wanted a cookie. I would have loved one, sitting there with a big glass of milk like a four-year-old. Who doesn’t love a cookie, you know? But I say it. I say I want a cookie. You don’t fuck. I say it. I say I want a cookie. I bring it up, and if you bring it up, you do it subtle. You don’t just yell it across the restaurant. “You want a cookie, you pussy, pussy, pussy?” Yeah, so that’s when I realized I’ve got a… anybody else’s thoughts just wake them up in the middle of the night? You just wake up. “Oh, you know, I don’t think I’m gonna make it,” you know? No, you know, my big move— actually, I’m a lot happier than I used to be, man. I fuck around a lot when I’m up here, but I’m definitely a lot more happier. My big move, you know, I decided I wasn’t gonna go home for the holidays. That was a big thing. I had to. There you go, one guy right there. Yeah, I had to. I don’t know what age you decided not to, but I went home at 39 not married, no kids, and I was just like, “there is no way I am going home at 40. There’s no way. There’s no way.” People aren’t even, like, asking questions. They just look at you weird. Just like, “so you’re just…” “you’re just gonna tell jokes, you know? Talk about disease and wish it on people and make fun of people who like cake. Is that what you’re gonna do? You don’t want to live in a cul-de-sac and have a couple of kids and gradually resent everyone and then take your own life? You don’t want to do that?” Yeah. No, dude, I would love to be married. Like, in my head, it all makes sense. Like, I—you know? I don’t know what happened, but it just—it scares me. When I see ", "married guys", ", I just get, like, nervous, man, that I’m just gonna be, like, that stereotypical married guy, you know? Just, like, a shell of my former self. You know, every weekend up on that silver ladder just scooping shit out of the gutters. My neighbor coming over, you know. “Hey, Bill, how’s it going?” “Oh, you know, pretty good, pretty good. Yeah, Susie keeps getting bigger, you know. I’ve been wearing this shirt for 11 years. I don’t know what happened to my dreams, you know. I just like coming up here ’cause it’s quiet. Yeah, I just stand up here and think about what might have been. Yeah.” My neighbor’s not even listening to me. He’s all excited about some garden hose he bought at Brookstone. He’s convinced it was designed by NASA. “Actually, it’s got two nozzles, one for the hot and one for the cold.” Really? Is it long enough to go around both our necks and the chimney so we can tandem jump off of this? That’s all I really care about you and your little garden hose.", "Now, I know ", "I just sort of mentioned killing myself there", ". I don’t want to freak you out, all right, because I did that joke when I was down in the Bible belt, and I was down south, and this girl took me really seriously. She came up to me at the end of the show, and she’s like, “you’re not really thinking about doing something like that, are you? You’re not really…” and I was like, “No, no, no. I’m just joking. I’m just joking.” She goes, “good, ’cause, you know, you can’t go to heaven if you do something like that.” And I was just like, “yeah, you know, I really don’t give a shit, you know?” It’s not that I don’t. ", "I just like freaking out people that are that religious", ", that have a whole little checklist. “Shit if you do this, you go here, and if you do that…” How do you know that? You don’t know that. Shut up, you know? I think it’s a very normal thought. I think it’s a very normal thought to think about killing yourself, you know? I do.", "\nYou know what’s weird? ", "Anytime I think about killing myself", ", it’s never over anything big. It’s always little things. Little things make me want to take myself out. It’s bizarre. Like, if my girlfriend broke up with me, I’m not gonna lie to you. I would be devastated, devastated. I’d be laying on the ground crying in the fetal position for, like, three days, you know. But, you know, by the fourth day, you know, I’d rub one out, you know, start putting the pieces back together. I know what I’ve got to do, join a gym, lie to myself that I’m gonna get the six-pack back. I know what I’ve got to do, all right? But little things. I thought about killing myself, like, a year ago on Thanksgiving. And you know why it was? It was because I said i was gonna make a pie. That little statement made me think about taking myself out. This is how it works. This is basically the deal, right? My girlfriend’s an angel. She absolutely loves the holidays, so it was, like, two weeks before Thanksgiving, so she’s all excited. She’s like, “oh, my God. Thanksgiving’s coming up.” I’m sitting there trying to watch the game. “Thanksgiving. What are you gonna do for Thanksgiving,” right? And I started freaking out. Like, I didn’t think I had to do anything for Thanksgiving, you know? I just thought I had to, you know, not get drunk and be belligerent around your friends. I thought I was fine. She’s like, “no, I’m gonna make a turkey. I’m gonna make stuffing. What are you gonna do?” So I panicked. I’m like, “I’ll fuckin’ make a pie.” I don’t know how to make a pie. I was just trying to make her go away, you know? You ever do that? You just agree with them thinking it will make them leave? Like, “awesome, what you said, high five, fuck off,” and you go back to watching the game. Yeah. No, but it totally worked. It totally worked, because she walked away completely excited. She was, like, you know, ran away all excited, and I totally forgot about it, right? Two weeks later, Thanksgiving comes up, right? She just wakes up. She’s like, “oh, my God. It’s Thanksgiving. It’s Thanksgiving. You’re gonna make that pie, right? You said you were gonna make a pie.” I was like, “fuck.” I’ve got to make a pie. I’ve got to go to the grocery store. I’ve got to buy some flour. Then I just started thinking, “man, what if I just slammed my head right through this plate glass window and just bled out right down the side of the house, you know? I wouldn’t have to make the pie.” So it’s not even like I’m suicidal. It’s more like I’m, like, lazy. You know what I mean? Like, whenever I know the next four hours of my life is gonna suck, I think about it. “God, I’ve got to pay my taxes. There’s a long line at the bank,” and then a bus is coming by. “What if I just dove headfirst right into those double back tires?” Anybody else? You ever think about shit like that? You know what gets me? Ceiling fans. Somebody’s telling me some stuff I don’t want to do. “You’re gonna need two forms of I.D. We need your birth certificate.” And a ceiling fan’s behind the head. I’ll be, “I’ll get right on that.” Doing, doing, doing.", "So anyway, so I decided not to go home for the ", "holidays", ". That’s what I’m really trying to tell you here. No, I did. I kind of came to this epiphany. I’m like, “man, I’m 41 years old. My dad had five kids by the time he was my age. I’ve got to get on with my life here.” So I was, like, going, “you know what? I’m not working Thanksgiving. I’m not working Christmas. I’m not working New Year’s.” and it was, like, the middle of October, and I was like, “wait a minute. What about Halloween?” Then my brain was like, “you know what? Fuck this. I’m getting a pumpkin,” right? That’s how angry my brain is. I can’t be just like, “you know what? Hey, let’s get a pumpkin.” It’s got to be, “you know what? Fuck this. Let’s get a pumpkin.” That’s what I started thinking. I’m carving that shit. I’m handing out candy to the kids. I’m meeting them at the door. Hey, what are you supposed to be, huh? Oh, yeah? Full-size snickers, bam. Who does that? Who does that? Nobody, nobody. I will break your fuckin’ bag with my candy, huh? Ac/dc pumpkin. You ever seen that before? You haven’t right? You tell all your friends where you seen that shit. What are you, leaned to one side? That’s heavy. Here’s another candy bar. You’ll be like dumbbells, walk right down the stairs. This is how much of a maniac I am. Do you know—this is all true. It took me four trips to go to the supermarket to finally be able to buy this goddamned pumpkin, because every time I would walk in there to get it, I’d be thinking all these happy thoughts. “This is a great thing. I’m embracing the holidays. It’s gonna bring me and my girlfriend together. This is a very loving thing to do.” And I reach out and grab it, and all I hear in the back of my head is, “what are you, a fag?.” And then immediately, I had to turn around and walk out.", "\nThis is ", "how it works with guys", ". Any time you do anything remotely sensitive, heartwarming, anything that’s gonna make you more of a loving, caring individual, immediately, all your guy friends suggest that maybe, just maybe, you want to suck a dick. Oh, it’s brutal. Even if you do something smart, right, like it’s raining out. “He’s got an umbrella. What a fag. Oh, my God. What, are you afraid of the water? Put your shoulders up, you fuckin’ homo. Jesus Christ. What, did you pull that thing out of your ass?” Oh, it’s brutal. It doesn’t even have to make sense. “You carved a pumpkin? What do you do next, carve some guys ass with your cock? What a fag. What, are you gonna blow a scarecrow? Dude, get away from me with your gay little pumpkin.” Oh, it’s brutal. “Dude, what are you, a fag” is the reason why guys drop at 55 out of fuckin’ nowhere. It’s literally from five decades of just suppressing the urge to, like, hug a puppy, admit a baby’s cute, say you want a cookie. You’ve just got to keep pushing it down like, “fuck them. I’m not sucking dick. I’m not sucking dick.” all right? Yeah. No, no, no, no, and then one day—one day, you’re in a Denny’s, and they forget to put bananas in your pancakes. You just have, like, an aneurism, and your head slams off that sticky table, and the last thing you hear before it all goes black is your friends go, “he got bananas in his pancakes. What a fag. Oh, my God. It wasn’t sweet enough with the syrup, you fairy? Hey, bring another one over whole and shove it up his ass, right? Yeah, ’cause it looks like a dick, right? It looks like a dick. Yeah, I thought it, and then I said it. I’m awesome. Yeah.” Oh, it’s a horrible, horrible way to live your life. You can’t—you’re just dying every day. Just every dumb thing that you can do as a guy, any stupid thing that’s gonna shorten your life makes you more of a man. Fuckin’ zero degrees out. You don’t have a coat on. “Dude, you cold?” You can’t admit it. “No, I’m not cold. Dude, I’m not cold. I’m just thinking of something I really agree with,” you know. No. I’m trying to let go of this ball of hate in my chest. That’s why I don’t have any kids. I don’t. I think it’s irresponsible to be a complete maniac, not work on yourself, and then just have a kid, and then just start downloading all your fucked-up thoughts onto their pristine little hard drive, you know? You send them off to school with your little—your little manifestos. They’re freaking out other kids at school. “Two plus two, Timmy. What did you get?” “Daddy keeps cash in the walls, because he doesn’t trust banks.” Yeah. No, it’s embarrassing to know this little about yourself at my age, man. I’ve got to get beyond— like, do you know how I finally ended up getting that pumpkin? You know how I did it? I actually had to bring my girlfriend down to the supermarket, and I had to walk her by the pumpkins, because I knew the second I did it, she was gonna freak out, and she did. The second she saw them, she was just like, “oh, my God, a pumpkin. Halloween’s coming up. We should get a pumpkin. Oh, my God, let’s get a pumpkin.” She starts doing, like, this little pumpkin dance, and I had this unbelievable urge just to take her head and just fuckin’ mush it right into the pumpkins and really hold it there for a second, like, feel the panic in the back of her head as the air bubbles became, like, less and less frequent as she sat there contemplating, “is this how it’s gonna end, pumpkin seeds up my nose? I always envisioned being surrounded by loved ones looking back on achievements. It’s so orange.” No, I resented her. I resented the fact she gets to be a fag. She does. She gets to see pumpkins. “Oh, my God.” Right? Sees a little puppy. “It’s so cute.” Cries at sad movies. I’ve got to hold on to all of that shit, slowly dying inside. Go out to go see a sad movie, comes to the sad part. What do I do? She’s crying. I’ve got to think of some funny shit. “Ah, what if somebody kicks Sean Penn in the balls right now? Ah-ha-ha.” I start laughing. And then they get mad at you. “how could you laugh during a time like this?” because I’m not fuckin’ allowed. That’s right. That’s right. Thank you, sir. I like how you’re turning this into a town meeting, this guy down here. “that’s right. That’s exactly it. I always wanted to cry when I was watching lifetime, but, you know, I was never allowed to.”", "I got a dog recently", ", everybody. That’s, like, the big thing. Yes, I did. I’m psyched. I went down to the pound. I got one of those free dogs, free dog. That’s how I say it too. I don’t say, “I rescued a dog.” I hate when people say that stuff. They say, “she’s a rescue. I rescued her.” Really? Did you pull her out of a burning building?” “Did you jump in a river with your wing tips still on with no concern for your own safety, or did you just go down to the pound and get a free dog, you cheap fuck? Isn’t that what you did?” I actually—I did not want to get a rescue dog. I did not want to do that. My girl was all about it. She was like, “we should rescue a dog. Do you want to rescue a dog?” I’m like, “no, no, I don’t.” She’s like, “why not? I go, “because i think a lot of the dogs down at the pound might be a little fucked in the head. You ever thought about that?” Dude, the shelter is not a pet store. That is like shawshank for a golden retriever. Why don’t we just go down to the prison and rescue an inmate and just roll the dice that maybe the guy was wrongly convicted? Are you out of your mind? Fuck that. I want a brand-new 2009 bulldog, all right? I don’t want some 1995 half-a-labrador with part of its ear chewed off, you know? I’ve got to put together its backstory. Every time I go to use the toaster, it starts freaking out, because his last owner hung him from the ceiling fan every time the jets didn’t cover the over, you know? Dude, that’s an animal, man. That thing can kill you. Dude, a rabid squirrel, how fast a squirrel is. If I was walking home at night minding my own business, but all of a sudden, some squirrel starting running at me, by the time I process like, “is that a rat? Is that mechanical?” that dude would be up my leg taking chunks out of the side of my head. I’d have to tell that story for the rest of my life in a bar. “Dude, what happened to the side of your head?” “A fuckin’ squirrel, all right? Christ, you don’t think I’m sensitive?” No, I’m not trying to say all those dogs are bad down there, but what if I accidentally get one of those cujos or old yellers, right? I’m telling you, they love dogs down there so much, you’ve got to watch out what they tell you. I was down there. There was this one dog. This thing was staring at me so goddamned hard, maniac-looking dog. I’m like, “what’s up with this dog?” she was just like, “oh, he was chained to pallette in a junkyard his entire life.” And I’m like, “does it have any issues?” she’s like, “he’s a little aggressive.” It’s like, “well, were you gonna tell me that shit? Were you just gonna thrown it in my hatchback and let me figure it out on the ride home?” The thing’s pulling out a sharpened toothbrush to stick in my neck. No, that’s what I’m saying. What if I accidentally get one of those crazy dogs, I get up at 2:00 in the morning to take a leak, and that is the exact moment its previous owner used to come home shit-faced, beat the crap out of the dog? I have no idea what I’m setting off. I’m sitting there shuffling along in my slippers, tying my robe. Meanwhile, the dog’s getting all amped up like, “fuck this shit, man. I promised myself I wouldn’t let this happen again. It’s time to man-up. Let’s do this on three. One, two, three.” Augh! It comes flying at me. I’m gonna be laying in the ground in a pool of my own blood. What are they gonna do with the dog? They’re gonna take him right back down to the pound like some sort of repeat offender. You’re gonna see him on the news in, like, shackles, like, shuffling along. “We knew you’d be back.” “Yeah, get me a milk-bone. Go fuck yourself.” You’re gonna wheel him in like Hannibal Lecter with that lamp shade around his neck. “Ahh, ahh, ah-ah-ah-ahh.” Yeah, so we have, like, this stalemate, you know. I wanted the brand-new bulldog, you know, and she kept seeing that Sarah McLaughlin commercial, getting all sad, you know? Oh, they ought to get sued for false advertisement in that thing. I swear to God. They handpicked those dogs, the cutest little fuzzy… “I just want to play frisbee,” those cute little, innocent little Dr. Seuss-looking dogs. Where are the pit bulls? Where are the rottweilers? Where are those maniacs you see lifting weights down at the shelter? they’ve got the saddest-looking dogs ever, and she’s whining over the top of them. ", "In the arms of an angel Whoo-whoo-whooo, boo-boo-boo", " Those dogs are looking all sad at the camera. “My last owner wasn’t a nice person.” The most ridiculous bandages, like they were in ", "Saving Private Ryan", ", that Three Stooges rabbit ear. “I have a toothache.” Did Shemp own that dog? What happened? I love that when it’s all wrapped up like a mummy. It’s like, how? What, did it get hit by a cannonball during a civil war reenactment? Did a tyrannosaurus pick it up? “Ahh-ahh-ahh, poof,” spit it out. My favorite one is that one-eyed pug. Oh, there’s a great dog. Yeah, bring that over to the kids. I’m sure that won’t freak them out at all. “Mommy, did you get us a dog?” “Arrgh, arrgh.” “Just let him sniff you. Just let him sniff you. Do not approach him from the right. Do not approach him from the right. Just let him sniff you. Come around. It becomes an entirely different animal when you do that. Just know you come from—come from the left. His name is Pooky. We’re gonna call him Pooky now.” So she was into that. I wanted to get the bulldog. That was my thing. I was, like, I wanted to get the bulldog, but then i started researching on the bulldogs. They’ve got all these health problems, man. From day one, they can’t even breathe. They come out into the world. It’s like they’ve been working with asbestos their entire life, you know? It’s unbelievable. They can’t even breathe. You’ve got to have them sleeping upright in this lazy-boy rubbing Vicks vaporub on their chest. They’ve got, like, sleep apnea. They die nine times every night. Why don’t I just rescue a retired offensive lineman while I’m at it? “Yeah, this is Jim Jeffcoat. We’re gonna call him Larry for the rest of his life for some stupid reason.” Didn’t know what to do, so we were at a stalemate, so my girl did what most females do. They just figure, “I know it’s good for him. I know it’s gonna make him happy. I’m gonna make a major decision without him, and then he’s gonna deal with it.” Yeah, that’s how i got a dog. I got a dog when i was on the road. I was on the road, and I just had a message on my machine. It was just, “boop,” and it was her, and she’s just like, “um, okay, um, I did something, um, kind of involves both of us, but I think you’re gonna love it. Just give me a call. Okay, bye.” Now, does that sound like, “I just signed you up for a 12- to 15-year commitment”? That doesn’t sound like that, right? That sounds like, “I bought a new outfit, and I’m gonna drag you to some awful restaurant during a play-off game,” right? That’s what it felt like, so I’m ready for that argument. She tells me she went out, and she got a dog. Now, half of me isn’t upset, you know, ’cause, “you got a rescue dog?” “Yeah, we have it for a week, and, you know, if you want to keep it, you can.” So I go, “let me see it,” so we started Skypeing, and she pans around. You know what she got? She got a pit bull. I swear to god. She got—I’m like, “you got a pit bull. Are you out of your fuckin’ mind? You got a pit bull?” she goes, “it’s not a pit bull. It’s a mix.” Mixed with what, another pit bull? Look at that thing. It looks like it’s been doing pull-ups its entire life.” It’s front paws were still taped up. It’s, like, shadowboxing in the background. It’s been p90xin’. It’s a pit bull. Jesus Christ. And she says, like, “no, he’s sweet.” She said, “no, she’s adorable,” and all this stuff. Oh, this is the worst part. I wasn’t getting home for three days, you know, and she’s all wrapped up in this dog, you know, and I’m like, “I don’t get home for three days. What happens when I get home on Monday and you have to go to work?” She goes, “well, I just figured I’d drive to work, and you could just come home to the apartment and meet the dog that way.” I’m like, “are you out of your mind? I’m not coming home to that. That dog is bonding with you. It thinks you guys live there. I’m gonna come walking in and have my calf ripped off because I’m trying to show my name on the phone bill? No, it’s not going down like that.” So she’s like, “well, what do I do?” “I’ll tell you what you do. You take that hell hound, you put it in the goddamned car, drive it to work. Park in the shade. Do whatever you’ve got to do. I’m coming home to a safe house, and then you drive home with the dog. Call me when you’re a half-mile away. I’ll meet you and Cujo down in the driveway. We will all walk in together. I will be in the front to show that I am the pack leader, because I watched half an episode of the dog whisperer, and I think that that’s what you’re supposed to do, I think. I don’t know. Oh, it’s all true, right? So I go down to the driveway, and I see the dog. It’s a beautiful dog. It’s literally, like, walking like a marine or some shit like it’s sneaking into something. And I’m like, “okay, here we go,” turning my back on a pit bull that I don’t even know that turns out they didn’t get it to shelter. They found it by the L.A. River. It lived by the L.A. River for two weeks, and my girl’s response to that was like, “isn’t that sad?” “No, it’s fuckin’ scary.” “Why is it scary?” “Well, obviously, it got enough protein, so it wasn’t eating berries out there. That thing was choking out coyotes, you know, breaking the necks of squirrels. I don’t know what it was doing, but it definitely was—you brought a murderer into the house. Why don’t you just rescue an alligator while you’re at it just to add to the excitement?” So we get the dog in the damn house, and it’s exactly what I thought was gonna happen. The dog’s sitting there looking at her, and then it’s looking at me and then looking at her like, “who the hell’s the new guy,” right? The new guy is the guy paying the fuckin’ rent, and I was getting no respect, so I was just like, right there, I was just like, “I know what she’s doing. I know what she’s doing. She’s bringing this dog home, because she thinks I’m gonna fall for it, and then we’ll just have the dog.” And it’s just, like, I love animals, okay, but I’m not gonna live with one that can fuckin’ kill me, you know? Rescue a chihuahua, so when it flips out because i grabbed the remote too quickly, I can flick it off the goddamned table or something, you know? So that’s what I was doing. We got it for a week. We got it for a week, and then we make our decision, so I just shut down emotionally. I was like, “fuck this dog.” The first two days, I didn’t give a shit, you know. The dog’s sitting there looking at me, you know, and I was just like, Jesus Christ, right, you know? Then on Wednesday, I don’t know what happened. I started to like it a little bit, you know? No, I was watching TV, you know. I always talk to myself. I’m always home alone. I feel like a maniac. I finally had somebody to bounce my ideas off. It was kind of nice, sitting there on TV, “you believe these goddamned bankers steal a trillion dollars, and they get a bonus—and they get a bonus?” The dog’s sitting there looking at me, you know. But I’m fighting it. “God damn it. I think I like this dog a little bit,” you know? It’s making me want to work out, you know? I asked it a question. “How do you get these muscles? What do you do for these, a wheel crank? What are you doing?” And then by Thursday, you know, I’m getting out in the air. I’m walking the dog, and I’m like, “god damn it. I think I love this dog. This is fuckin’…” You know, I don’t know if you ever walked a pit bull. You owe to your life at some point in your life to walk a pit bull down the street. I’m telling you, it’s the greatest experience ever. People just get the fuck out of the way. It’s unreal. Three, four blocks away, they see me coming. They just immediately cross the street. It’s tremendous. I don’t know why black people complain about that. I love having the whole side of the street to myself. It’s great. I feel like a king. Oh, it’s awesome. It’s the greatest thing ever. Pit bulls are the shit. It’s like a gun you can pet. It’s the only way to describe it. It’s awesome. They make you want to p90x or something. Just get in better shape. So then by Friday—I mean, by Friday, the dog was literally messing up my relationship. My poor girl is sitting on the couch by herself. I’m sitting there spooning with the dog. “Oh, this dog is awesome. This dog is awesome. Watch me get her leg going. Watch me get her leg going.” I don’t know what happened. In four days, I went from “fuck this dog,” to, “oh, my god. This thing is gonna die someday. How am I emotionally gonna be able to deal with it?” Oh, I love it, absolutely. I carry it around like a baby. Oh, it’s the greatest thing ever. You come home. It’s shaking his tail. It’s all excited, like, “dude, you’re fuckin’ awesome,” you know? It’s like, “dude, you have no idea how much I need that,” you know? It’s tremendous, and you can’t appreciate how awesome a dog is as a kid. You can only do it as an adult. As a kid, there’s, like, no frame of reference. It’s, like, you’re a kid. Your whole life is awesome. It’s awesome, right? You ever think about being a kid? You had no money. You had no I.D., no cell phone, no nothing, no keys to the house. You just ran outside into the woods. You weren’t scared of nothing. I challenge you to do that as an adult, all your I.D., all your credit cards, just run out of the house, no phone, turn the corner, where you can’t see your house and not have a full-on panic attack, like, “oh, my god. What if something happens to me? I’ll get locked up. No one will know who I am. What if I twist my ankle?” Your whole life is awesome as a kid, right? You show up, no money. You just get stuff, real cheese, movie tickets, right? Why wouldn’t a dog be awesome? Everything is awesome. It’s not till you’re an adult that you appreciate it, right? Your dreams start dying. Somebody cheats on you, right? Bankers fuck up up your 401 (k), you know, and then you come home, and that dog’s looking at you like, “dude, you’re awesome,” and it’s like, “no, dude, you—you are fuckin’ awesome. You are the shit.” No, it’s the greatest thing ever, absolutely. No, it’s unreal. It’s unreal. But poor girlfriend. She’s sitting there going, “Jesus Christ, you love the dog more than you love me.” I was like, “well, sweetie, you’re not at the back door shaking your ass every time I come home.” It’s a really a tough—no matter what time, 4:00 in the morning drunk. The dog doesn’t give a shit. “Hey, that’s awesome. Whoo.”", "And I’m 41 years old, and if I’m lucky, you know what I realized? I’m halfway through my shit right now. ", "I’m halfway through my life", ", so, you know, I’m getting nervous, you know, about dying, you know, just growing old, man. I was never really nervous about till I got to this age, and, you know—you know what it was? I went to my grandmother’s 100-year birthday party, and I quickly realized that women age a lot better towards the end, you know? Guys, we hang with them in the beginning, because we’re young, and then in the middle, they’re having kids, so we kind of pass them, but that end, that last third, we’re like the stock market. We just—we just go right down to the ground. It’s brutal. I went to this party. All the old ladies there were unbelievably sharp. They were still playing cards. They were right there. But some of the old dudes, man, they were brutal, you know? You ever see a guy, like, so old, he has, like, that permanent look of horror on his face? You know what I mean? A couple of guys walked in. They looked okay. “How ya doin’?” Then there’s always that one guy that just comes walking in just like… dude, even when they’re sitting down meeting people. “And this is my grandson Bill.” It’s like, “dude, how much pain are you in that you constantly have a look on your face like that shit from the Ring just crawled out of your TV set?” Dude, that’s got to be— you’re, like, so old, like, everything hurts. You’re just standing up. You’re like, “Ahh, my feet.” You go to lean on something. “Ahh, my arm.” Even, like, blinking, like, air hurts. “Hee-aaaaahh.” Dude, fuckin’ kill me. Kill me if I ever end up like that. Dude, I’ll fuckin’ kill myself. I’ll rock myself down a flight of stairs. I’ll lean back, hit my head on a sink, whatever I’ve got to do. I told you, I already think about killing myself twice a week at this age. There is no fuckin’ way I’m going out like that. At the end of my life, I’m walking around… And everyone else has that panicked, “oh, fuck. Is it going down?” Look on their face. I don’t know how you do it. How do you wake up every morning brushing your teeth? How do fight the urge to not just jam that toothbrush right down your throat? I’ll tell you what kills me, was, only the old guys had that look on their face. None of the old ladies did. Some of the old ladies had a look of, like, mild disappointment, you know? Just sitting there like… you know, like they always wanted to go to Europe, but they never got around to it. But only the old guys had, like, that… dude, it was almost like they wanted to tell you a secret. Like, “where’s the gold?” “can you remember the combination?” what is that? Somebody said it’s, like, a mild form of dementia or it’s, you know? You know what I think it’s from? I think it’s from being married for 60 years, getting nagged every day, and never once looking at your wife being like, “you know what? How about you shut the fuck up? How about that? Hey, I got it. You’re not happy. Well, then fuckin’ leave.” Is it that, or do they, like, wear you down? I think they wear you down, because I know as a young man, I had a lot more spring in my step. Young guys, your girl gives you shit, you know, you can go for a drive. “Where’s this relationship going? This feels weird. We need to talk.” “Hey, fuck you, lady.” You get in the car and go for a drive, punch the ceiling a couple times. You scream out the window, “bitch,” you know? You get it out. You get it out before your face gets all twisted up. Get it out. Ah, I’m back to me. Yeah, yeah, all right. Then what happens? What happens? You stay in the relationship. You stay in the relationship, right? You get married. 15 years later, you’ve got a couple of kids. You’ve got a little gut going, all right? She starts in on you with that whole laundry list of stuff you’ve got to do because you’re married. “Susie has ballet practice. It gets over at 2:00. Make sure you’re there at 2:00. You were there at 2:02 the other day, and she was very upset. No, you were. You were. I actually documented the record on my Facebook page and…” and you want to give her an uppercut. You want to give her an uppercut. No, it’s a natural thought. It’s a natural thought. But you don’t. You never lead with an uppercut. You set it up with the jab. You get inside. You come right up through the cleavage. You rock that head back. You send her right across the linoleum, take that dirty pistol out. You lay it next to her, wipe off the door handle. No, I’m fuckin’ with you. No, you don’t do that. No, you don’t. You never hit a woman. You should never hit a woman. You’re gonna get caught. You’re gonna go to jail. You’re gonna get raped. It’s awful, you know. You don’t do that, right? But what do you do now? What are you gonna do now, right? You’re married, right? You can’t yell, ’cause your kids are there. You can’t go for a drive. You don’t have a cool car anymore. You’ve got, like, some caravan with those sticky children of the corn handprints all over the windshield. So what do you do? You go down in the basement, and you just do that, like, whisper yelling. Fuck this. Fuck this. And then I think just one day, you’re just too old. You’re just too old. You’re tired. You’ve been married, like, 60 years. Your body’s breaking down. You blew your knee out at the “y” playing pickup ball, like, 30 years earlier in the 50-and-older league, you know, and you just want to watch the game, and she comes in that one last time, right, just to annoy you. Just picking on you. “And you were always mean to my mother, and I always resented you for it. Why couldn’t you have been more like your brother,” right? And you start to—”you know what? Fuck this. I’m not listening to this,” right? And you go to get up, and that’s when it hits you that they day before was the last day you had the quad strength to get up and out of your favorite chair, and that’s when the panic sets in. You’re like, “oh, shit. Dude, I can’t get up. Oh, my god. I’ve got to listen to this for the rest of my life.” No, that’s what it is. That’s what it is. No, a lot of people don’t realize those old guys are actually trying to escape. That’s what they’re doing. Like, “is she looking? Am I gonna make it? Avenge me.” Listen, I’m out of time. You guys were awesome. Thank you so, so much for coming out. I really appreciate it. Thank you."], "url": "https://scrapsfromtheloft.com/2017/04/19/bill-burr-let-it-go-2010-full-transcript/"}
